a multi-hole orifice plate for flow control includes an orifice plate for controlling the flow rate of a fluid , wherein the opening area of one orifice necessary for the passage of a predetermined flow rate of fluid is divided to provide a plurality of orifices having a total opening area equal to said opening area .
an omni-direction array 22 of wind turbine assemblies 10 is positioned upon and about the periphery of the roof of a building . each wind turbine assembly 10 comprises a self supporting modular box-shaped housing 12 having an inlet and outlet for accelerating the flow of air therethrough . turbine 14 comprises a hub 27 , a peripheral band 28 and vanes 25 having proximal and distal ends positioned there between and having a ring gear 18 positioned on the peripheral band in mechanical communication with a plurality of generators 20 for converting wind energy into electricity . parabolic collectors 16 are positioned and attached to the inlet and outlet of the housing 12 for collecting , concentrating , directing and accelerating wind through the turbine 14 in the throat section of the assembly . each self supporting box-shaped modular housing 12 is structurally communicated with other housings 12 by interlocking mating surfaces 26 .
a control device of a vehicle which switches a lockup clutch to an operating state depending upon vehicle conditions determines switching of the lockup clutch from lockup-on switching lines established when the lockup clutch is in an engaged state , or from lockup-off switching lines established when the lockup clutch is in a released state . when switching of the lockup clutch is determined based on one of the lockup-on switching lines and the lockup-off switching lines , a determination based on the other switching lines is selected as an effective determination about switching once the same switching of the operating state as that determined based on the above-indicated one of the switching lines is determined based on the other switching lines .
an angular diffuser sector for a turbine engine compressor is provided . the sector includes an inner shroud ; an outer shroud ; a vane ; a casing element mounted at least in part around one of the shrouds and having an open groove facing an axial end of the corresponding shroud ; a wedge-forming fitting interposed between the casing element and the corresponding shroud , the wedge presenting a first surface that contacts with a bearing surface of the axial end of the corresponding shroud , and a second surface that is inclined relative to the first surface and that contacts with a corresponding sloping surface of the groove in the casing element ; and a device that exerts an axial force on the wedge so as to keep its first surface in contact with the bearing surface and its second surface in contact with the sloping surface of the groove in the casing element .
a part includes a structure and at least one shape memory alloy element that is prestressed and embedded at least in part within said structure . the shape memory alloy is suitable for dissipating the mechanical energy of said structure when it vibrates in a given frequency band .
an ice-carving machine comprises a framework , an ice block positioning system , at least one feeding system , and at least one heating mold . the ice block positioning system is fixed on the workbench of the framework for positioning the ice block to be processed . the feeding system drives the heating mold to heat and press the ice block in a mold cavity with a predetermined shape . by the pressure and heat of the heating mold , the ice block is made into the shape identical to the shape of the mold cavity , thus simplifying the process of carving ice blocks , and also saving carving time and cost , being especially suitable for a mass production of ice sculptures .
the invention relates to a roof assembly mounted on a sloping roofing structure , which comprises at least two parallel longitudinal flashing members extending down the slope and mounted on the roofing structure , each longitudinal flashing member comprising an elongated base having an upstanding wall member extending along each major side and each upstanding wall member having a resilient portion at its end remote from the base , at least one solar energy collector mounted on a pair of the longitudinal flashing members , said solar energy collector being generally rectangular in horizontal section and having a downwardly facing groove formed in each of at least two sides , each groove being engaged with a resilient portion of a wall member of a longitudinal flashing member such that the solar collector is clipped in place in the roof assembly . in the roof assembly of the present invention the solar energy collectors can form part of the water proof membrane and the assembly can be mounted on standard type roofing structures such as purlins and trusses .
a pivot assembly for mounting a bucket to a loader arm wherein shouldered pin adapters having a pin bore are tack welded in the bucket brackets so that when pounding occurs between the pin and pin bore , the pin adapter can be replaced to provide a new pin bore . the pin adapters are located on the interior sides of the bucket brackets and the external corner is indented to define a seal groove which provides an additional seal between the loader arm and the pivot pin .
a gas turbine with a turbine housing which includes at least one regenerative chamber for the accommodation of a regenerative heat-exchanger adapted to be set into rotation and closed against the outside by a housing cover whereby the housing separating surface is adapted to be brought into abutment with a corresponding cover separating surface of the cover , and in which at least one sliding seal adapted to be brought into sliding contact with the heat-exchanger is arranged in the chamber and is secured at one of two mutually elastic fastening members of a mounting means , whose other fastening member is anchored at a chamber wall of the turbine housing ; the housing separating surface is thereby located in a plane at least approximately perpendicular to the axis of rotation , while the sliding seal with an unstressed mounting means is disposed recessed with respect to the housing separating surface in an assembly position .
a water treatment cartridge for an assembly head having a pair of valves for controlling the flow of water therethrough is provided . the cartridge includes a connector coupled to the assembly head and having a cartridge body with an inlet and an outlet , an inner end cover coupled to the cartridge body 's interior , a pair of valve stems disposed within the cartridge body and connected to the assembly head , the valve stems including a first valve stem disposed within the inlet and a second valve stem disposed within the outlet , each valve stem having a head , a rod enclosed within the inlet or outlet , and a tail within the cartridge body , and a pair of driving springs coupled to the pair of valve stems and inner end cover .
the present invention is directed to a strut-type synchronizer mechanism having a spring member adapted for retracting and centering the blocker ring . the spring member is a leaf spring disposed within guide slots formed in the clutch hub and which is compressed between the blocker ring and the strut . the leaf spring includes a cambered surface for radially outwardly biasing the strut into contact with the clutch sleeve . in addition , the leaf spring has canted tab ends which rest upon a radial projection formed on the blocker ring for producing an axial retractive force on the blocker ring for driving the blocker ring toward a `` neutral '' position . the axial retractive force serves to overcome any residual viscous drag in the synchronizer mechanism created by residual friction remaining between the mating cone surfaces of the blocker ring and a ratio gear . the leaf spring further acts to retain the blocker ring in the neutral position against any viscous forces which may initiate self-energization of the synchronizer .
a monitoring system for a gearbox having at least one rotational component having a design lifetime and at least one design parameter is disclosed . the monitoring system may include a first sensor configured to generate a first signal indicative of a speed associated with the at least one rotational component , a second sensor configured to generate a second signal indicative of a torque associated with the rotational component , and a controller electronically connected to the first and second sensors . the controller may be configured to determine a remaining lifetime of the at least one rotational component based on the design lifetime , the at least one design parameter , and the first and second signals over a period of operating time , and generate a maintenance signal based on the remaining lifetime .
a mechanical split seal includes a tapered carbon split seal ring and a silicon carbide split mating ring . the tapered seal ring is compressed by a tapered seal ring shell which has a split `` o '' ring disposed in the taper to provide even force and improved sealing . the shell is biased toward the seal ring by multiple springs retained by a non-split cup . the mating ring is supported by a gland which includes a split gland packing assembly for compressing packing material onto the shaft . used as a pump seal , the seal can be cooled by circulation created by the fluid supplied from either the pump input or output .
a joint assembly 80 is provided for limiting an extension of the joint 80 in the direction of a load path derived from an impact comprising . in its simplest form , the joint 80 comprises a first member 40 having a portion 82 and a second member 50 having a portion 84 , the portions 82 , 84 overlapping one another and arranged generally parallel to one another and secured together via securing means 78 . the securing means 78 is disposed through corresponding holes 92 , 94 defined by portions 82 and 84 . at least one of the overlapping portions 82 or 84 further defines , sequentially in the direction of extension a pocket 102 . the securing means 78 comprises a deformable member 152 , 178 and at least one of the overlapping portions 82 , 84 comprises a wedge-shaped portion 74 . in the event of a worst-case impact load the securing means 78 is forced through the pocket 106 while the wedge-shaped portion 74 causes the deformable member 152 to deform and thereby increase the clamping force , in a progressive manner , to limit the extension of the joint assembly 80 and retain an integral joint assembly 80 .
a process and apparatus for recovery of pure argon from air utilize a rectification system comprising at least one air separating column ( 9 ) and a pure argon column ( 25 ) . an argon-enriched mixture ( 24 ) of air gases is introduced into the pure argon column ( 25 ) in the lower region of which an essentially nitrogen-free argon product ( 26 ) is recovered . the head fraction ( 28 ) of the pure argon column ( 25 ) , is liquefied at least partly by indirect heat exchange ( 29 ) using the evaporating cooling medium ( 11 , 30 ) . the condensate ( 28a ) formed thereby is returned into the pure argon column . the indirect heat exchange ( 29 ) is carried out by means of a cooling medium ( 11 , 30 ) which has an oxygen content of at least 10 % . independently thereof , the lower region of the pure argon column ( 25 ) is heated by indirect heat exchange ( 27 ) by means of a heating medium ( 11 ) in a liquid state , for example , with sump liquid from a pressure column ( 8 ) .
in the case of a process for checking the operability of a secondary air pump in an internal-combustion engine in a motor vehicle using an electronic control unit , the control unit detects the rotational speed of the internal-combustion engine and the throttle valve angle in the intake system of the internal-combustion engine . using a characteristic diagram stored in the control unit , as a function of the detected rotational speed and the detected throttle valve angle , the rate of air flow into the cylinders of the internal-combustion engine is estimated . using an air flow rate sensor , the overall rate of air flow is sensed which is composed of the air flow into the cylinders of the internal-combustion engine and the secondary air flow delivered by way of a secondary air pipe into an exhaust gas duct . subsequently , the difference is analyzed between the overall rate of air flow and the rate of air flow into the cylinders of the internal-combustion engine to determine the operability of the secondary flow system .
an intermediate layer ( 4 ) of a relatively low thermal conductivity , high resistance to thermal degradation elastomeric material is interposed between a friction lining ( 3 ) and a relatively soft elastomeric layer ( 5 ) , the latter being bonded to a backing plate ( 2 ) .
a trunnion degree marker and reset stop for a luminaire indicating the angle of aim and providing a positive stop to facilitate resetting after service . it comprises a flat plate having a trunnion bolt hole , an arcuate slot around it with angle markings , and a screw extending therethrough for locking the plate to the trunnion bracket independently of the trunnion bolt . the plate has a foot protruding at an angle and turned toward the housing for engaging a shoulder stop cast as an integral part of the housing .
fresh inlet air is precold by the cool air discharging from the enclosure by the means of a heat exchanger to become still colder as the result of evaporation inside the evaporative cooler so producing useful air colder and with less water than conventional evaporative cooler . a heat exchanger is disclosed which comprises of numerous exhaust and suction canals adjacent to each other in which is provided aluminium lace for the purpose of exchanging the heat . the cool discharged air passes through the exhaust canals and leaves the heat exchanger cool to outside space and inlet fresh air passes through the suction canals separately relationship with discharged air and after becoming cool leaves the heat exchanger inside the evaporative cooler to effect evaporation .
a device for contra-rotating two concentric shafts . one shaft is hollow in order to accommodate the other shaft . at least one drive shaft is connected to a power source and the concentric shafts are connected to each other by a geared transmission . the transmission includes one or more crown wheels which mesh with cylindrical pinions .
a chain tensioner free from excess tension caused by push-back of chain upon mounting . the chain tensioner has a support for mounting a casing at a pre-set position , a thrusting member slidably arranged within the casing for applying tension to a chain , a biasing unit for supplying a thrusting force to the thrusting member for supplying a pre-set tension to the chain when commanded , a retention unit for retaining the biasing force of the thrusting member , a retention canceling unit for canceling the state of retention by the thrusting member and a maintenance unit for maintaining a pre-set position of the thrusting member as set by the biasing unit . the retention canceling mechanism has a spring plate arranged within the casing slidably along with the support . the spring plate is moved for canceling the retention by the retention unit upon mounting .
there is provided a seal for covering a hole in a disk drive housing . the seal includes a conductive layer , a primary dielectric layer , and a gasket layer . the conductive layer has a covered surface region and an exposed planar surface region . the exposed planar surface region is lacking a dielectric coating disposed thereon . the primary dielectric layer includes an adhesive coating disposed between the primary dielectric layer and the covered surface region . the gasket layer includes first and second adhesive gasket layer sides and a gasket opening disposed through the gasket layer .
an improved intake manifold , for uniformly charging each cylinder of a multi-cylinder internal combustion engine . the manifold comprises a structure having bifurcated branches which define multiple through passageways , each passageway fluidly connecting the air inlet of the manifold to the intake valve chamber of one of the cylinders . for eight-cylinder engine , each through passageway encounters four fluid flow channels distinguishable by three bifurcations in the structure between the intake valve chamber at which the passageway terminates and the air inlet . the engine firing sequence dictates which through passageways share a fluid flow channel in common beyond each successive bifurcation in the structure . the through passageways are grouped together so that the frequency of passage of a fuel/air mixture through that portion or stage of each through passageway located immediately upstream of any given bifurcation is twice the frequency of passage of such a mixture through that stage of the through passageway located immediately downstream thereof . downstream of each final bifurcation , a fuel/air mixture can be fed into either of two intake valve chambers but only at intervals 360 degrees of crankshaft revolution apart . since racing engines operate with each intake valve open for roughly 300 degrees of the crankshaft revolution , only one intake valve is ever open at any given time downstream of each final bifurcation , providing a maximum separation between the closing of one intake valve and the opening of another both fed by through passageways paired at the final bifurcation .
a combustion method employing fuel-rich combustion with an upstream recirculation zone followed by a downstream plug flow zone enabling rapid heating and processing without excessive no.sub.x generation or particulate emissions .
an electro-fluid interface device utilizes a control member that oscillates within a generally cylindrical chamber between an opposed pair of nozzles located at the ends of the chamber . each nozzle is in fluid communication with a fluid supply , a fluid outlet , and a fluid drain . a coil or coils energized in response to an electrical input signal pulse width modulate the oscillation of the control member to produce a fluid flow through the outlets that is proportional to the electrical signal . in a preferred form , a pair of the coils is energized to oscillate the control element electromagnetically in cooperation with fluid flow forces on the control member due to the flow through the nozzles . means for sensing the position of the control element switch the energizing current between the coils .
an improved microwave drying apparatus comprising a drying chamber provided with a microwave generator and a layer of a weak dielectric substance laminated on at least a part of the inner surface of the wall of the chamber is provided , whereby the occurrence of moisture condensation on the inner wall of the chamber during the drying procedure can be prevented .
a method for starting and operating an engine of a mild hybrid vehicle following start-up is disclosed for an engine having low and high voltage starting devices , and controlled by an electronic controller . the method comprises using the high voltage starting device as a motor to crank the engine whenever possible so as to partially discharge a high voltage battery . the method further comprises using the high voltage starting device as a generator after starting the engine if the exhaust gas temperature needs to be increased so as to assist with light-off of one or more exhaust gas after treatment devices .
an insertless distributor cap for use with an ignition distributor of an internal combustion engine . the cap comprises novel structure internally of the cap towers which facilitates assembly of terminal electrodes directly to the cap and improved retention when assembled .
in an ejector , a nozzle includes a nozzle tapered section having an inner passage with a radial dimension reduced toward a nozzle outlet port , and a needle having a needle tapered section disposed in the inner passage . the needle tapered section has a cross sectional area reduced toward a downstream end of the needle , and the downstream end of the needle is positioned at a downstream side with respect to the nozzle outlet port . in addition , the nozzle tapered section has a taper angle ( ï†1 ) which is equal to or greater than a taper angle ( ï†2 ) of the needle tapered section . therefore , a boundary face on the outside of a nozzle jet flow becomes in a balanced natural shape , and is controlled in accordance with an operating condition . thus , the ejector cycle can be operated while keeping high efficiency , regardless of the thermal load of the ejector cycle .
an internal combustion engine presenting a number of cylinders , each defined by a respective axially symmetrical cavity formed in the engine block , and each defining , together with a piston sliding axially inside the cylinder and a head connected to the block , a combustion chamber served by a supply system on the head ; the cylinders being divided into a first and second group , each composed of pairs of first and second cylinders arranged in a v and converging towards a respective drive shaft for each group ; and the two groups being connected inverted and facing each other , so that the first and second cylinders in each pair of cylinders in the first group are connected at the respective head end so as to form a v with respective first and second cylinders in each corresponding pair of cylinders in the second group , and so that each pair of first cylinders in the two groups defines a first combustion chamber , and each pair of second cylinders in the two groups defines a second combustion chamber common to the respective pistons .
the invention relates to a device to connect hose or pipe ends . until now such a device comprised at least two non-deformable clamp parts with flanges extending inwards which serve to press a hose end onto a nozzle or which engage behind annular collars provided at the ends of the pipes . at the ends facing one another the clamp parts are provided with a mounting arrangement for a hinge-pin which connects these parts . to avoid the work entailed by providing such a mounting arrangement and by the assembling of a number of clamp parts , it is proposed according to the invention that the clamp-type ring is made as one piece and is produced of a material which can be deformed by hand and that the flanges are formed by a permanent shaping of the ring . in this way a far more inexpensive construction is obtained , which also has the advantage of a lower mass and requires less space .
a miniature decorative electric lamp assembly includes an electric bulb having dual bare wires inserted into a lampbase , with the lampbase lower end being received in the upper end of a lampholder socket which contains dual contact or blades each connected to an insulated wire . the lampbase lower end has a lower projection portion which is preferably triangular-shaped and extends downwardly to a position between the dual contact or blades of the lampholder socket , so as to preclude any inadvertent electrical short between the blades and bare upper ends of the insulated wires . this configuration also permits any moisture which may enter the lamp assembly to be reliably drained away through openings in the lampbase lower end and the socket member lower end adjacent the electrical insulated wires .
a fan shroud includes a body portion and a barrel portion . the body portion and the barrel portion have a first side and a second side . the barrel portion is adjacent to the body portion and defines a cylindrical opening for a fan . the barrel portion and the body portion define a slot in the fan shroud designed to release excess air pressure from the shroud . the slot extends through at least one of the first side and the second side . any number of slots of different shapes and sizes may be arranged on the fan shroud to reduce noise radiating from the fan shroud .
the subject invention relates to a dual-battery system , that includes a generator ( 1 ) , a starter ( 3 ) , a starter battery ( 2 ) , a starter battery switch , a vehicle electrical system battery ( 5 ) , and a control device ( 7 ) , in which the starter battery ( 2 ) , along with the starter battery switch that is connected in series , is connected in parallel with the generator ( 1 ) , starter ( 3 ) , and vehicle electrical system battery ( 5 ) , and the starter battery switch can be activated by the control device ( 7 ) , the starter battery switch being configured as a power mosfet ( 6 ) whose gate is connected to the control device ( 7 ) .
a cage for a roller bearing which is free of fretting and abnormal noise , which can be manufactured at low cost , and which can be easily mounted in the bearing . the cage is formed by bending a metal sheet having pockets into a ring shape , temporarily joining its ends , heat-treating the ring thus formed to remove stress , and separating the temporarily joined portion . such a cage tends to rotate slower than the raceway members on the driving side of the bearing , making it possible to reduce fretting . such a cage can be used under high-temperature conditions .
a uniform beam of polarized light for biostimulation purposes is provided by a projector having a lamp , and a reflector which create a diverging beam that refracts through a fresnel lens and becomes a bundle of parallel beams , which strikes a multi-plate brewster polarizer to be reflected and become a polarized light bundle of substantially parallel light beams of nearly uniform intensity and having a dimension of some hundreds of cm.sup.2 . the projector may include a rectangular housing , a pair of rods hingedly connecting a frame around the polarizer and engaging the housing to position the polarizer , a halogen overhead projector lamp , a cooling fan and a six plate glass polarizer .
wind turbine auxiliary drive system comprising a motor , a drive pinion , a bearing and a lubrication system , the bearing comprising an outer bearing ring , an inner bearing ring and , between these two bearing rings , one or more rows of rolling elements which allow both bearing rings to rotate relative to each other , the inner bearing ring having an inner side comprising a gear which meshes with the drive pinion , wherein a height of the gear in an axial direction is smaller than the height of the inner bearing ring such that a gearless portion is defined , and wherein at least one lubricant inlet and/or at least one lubricant outlet is arranged on said gearless portion .
a method for controlling an automated gearbox of a motor vehicle . an electronic control unit controls pre-determined functionalities , and especially pre-determined functionalities of the automated gearbox . functional software runs on a main processor of the control unit , controlling pre-determined functionalities of the motor vehicle and especially the automated gearbox . an electronic safety system is able to determine safety-critical operating conditions of the motor vehicle in advance , and includes a redundant processor and monitoring software .
a combustion chamber according to the invention has a number b0 of annularly arranged burners , of which a number k of modulatable burners have means for modulating a fuel mass flow , k being k < b0 , and the modulatable burners being arranged in such a way that between every pair of adjacent modulatable burners are arranged in each case a1 , a2 , . . . ak nonmodulatable burners , and that the values a1+1 , a2+1 , . . . , ak+1 are not integral divisors of b0 . in a preferred embodiment of the invention , a highest value oflcm ( b0 , a1+1 ) , lcm ( b0 , a2+1 ) , . . . lcm ( b0 , ak+1 ) is maximum , lcm designating the lowest common multiple . it thereby becomes possible to damp a maximum number of azimuthal vibration modes of the combustion chamber by means of a minimum number of modulatable burners . each pair of modulatable burners gives rise to at least one undesirable vibration or instability which , however , is damped by the other modulatable burner or burners arranged according to the invention .
a combined socket is provided , whereby a screw can be driven either by a cross tipped phillips type driver or by a square robertson type driver . the wings of the socket have end walls that curve convexly to permit the end wall to be clear of the corner of the square , right down to the bottom of the end wall . the vertical side faces of the socket have portions inclined at different angles . the upper and lower portions are inclined respectively at a greater angle to the vertical and a smaller angle to the vertical as compared to the side faces of a conventional robertson type socket allowing a robertson type driver to contact the side faces part way along the faces .
the present disclosure relates to a metal seal ring suitably used at pipe connection portions in exhaust pipe systems of automobile engines for example and a method of producing the same . the metal seal ring comprises a metal ring having a pipe-shaped cross section , and a heat-resistant composite gasket material ring filling the metal ring , wherein the composite gasket material ring is formed such that a sheet of the composite gasket material , such as a mixture of heat-resistant fiber and elastomer , a having reinforcing core material , such as a wire net and a perforated steel plate , therein , is slit to obtain a rectangular strip , that both longitudinal ends of the strip are joined to each other to form a ring , and that both fringes of the strip are butt-joined to each other to form a ring having a pipe-shaped cross section . a one-side opened metal ring having a u- or j-shaped cross section and two leg portions opened and extended nearly in parallel is filled with the composite gasket ring thus made , and then the two leg portions of the metal ring are bent so as to close the opening of the ring , thereby forming a closed pipe ring .
disclosed herein an evaporative emission treatment device comprising : a housing ; and an adsorption member disposed in the housing , the adsorption member comprising an adsorption component comprising an activated carbon textile made from a novoloid precursor .
a planetary gear train of an automatic transmission for a vehicle may include an input shaft receiving torque of an engine , an output shaft outputting torque of the engine , a first planetary gear set , a second planetary gear set , a third planetary gear set , a fourth planetary gear set , a first shaft , a second shaft , a third shaft selectively connectable to the input shaft , and selectively connectable to a transmission housing , a fourth shaft selectively connectable to the input shaft , a fifth shaft directly connected to the output shaft , a sixth shaft , and a seventh shaft selectively connectable to the input shaft .
a system for controlling fuel to an engine to minimize emissions in an exhaust of the engine . there may be a controller connected to an actuator , for example a fuel control actuator , of the engine and to emissions sensors , such as an nox and/or pm sensor , proximate to an exhaust output of the engine . the controller , for example a speed controller , may have an input connected to an output of a pedal or desired speed setting mechanism . a speed sensor at a power output of the engine may be connected to an input of the controller .
a liquid pump includes a body , a stationary member which is fluid-tightly fixed to the body through a seal plate , a shaft which is rotatably supported on the body and an impeller which is disposed in a vortex chamber formed in the body and having a disk portion fixed to the one end of the shaft and plural blades formed on a side face of the disk portion directed toward the body so as to project toward the body and to extend radially , wherein an extending portion is formed on the seal plate so that a predetermined axial clearance is maintained between the extending portion and end surfaces of the blades directed toward the body .
a round post-mix beverage dispenser includes a cylindrical carbonator , still water conduits for supplying water to be carbonated , and carbonated water output coils in the form of circular courses of tubing which surround the carbonator tank in a surrounding water bath . syrup conduits are coiled in circular courses within the water bath . the round or cylindrical shape of the dispenser housing is adaptable to many different looks such as cans , bottles , glasses and cups . preferably the basic cylindrical housing shape is made to look like a can of a beverage . decorative sleeves which define or simulate the appearance of other types of containers such as bottles , cups and glasses can be easily added to the basic cylindrical housing , as desired , to provide different attractive appearances to promote sales .
a method for repairing a rocker arm including smoothing out a bore in an injector arm of the rocker arm to remove at least a portion of worn threads within the bore , and securing a threaded insert within the bore . the threaded insert may include threads on an internal surface of the threaded insert , a smooth portion on an external surface of the threaded insert , and a flange on an end of the threaded insert .
a method and apparatus is provided for automated control and positioning of a mandrel within a pipe during bending operations . position detection is accomplished by means of a low frequency electromagnetic signal transmission from a coil placed in close proximity parallel to the pipe outer surface . this signal is detected by a pair of orthogonal receiving coils mounted on the mandrel in close proximity to the pipe inner surface . the phases of the received signals with respect to the transmitted signal and the ratio of the amplitudes of the two received signals is used to estimate the relative position of the transmitter and the receivers . control of the mandrel along with transmission of reference phase information is accomplished via a high frequency direct sequence spread spectrum radio link between a computer console outside the pipe mounted on the bender and a computer unit mounted inside the pipe on the mandrel .
a panel having multiple tubular passages extending therethrough and fitted on each end with a fluid tight hollow header . apertures through one side of the headers place the tubular passages in communication with the interior of the headers . fluid pumped into one header flows through the tubular passages to the other header , exchanging heat with the environment surrounding the panel as it passes therethrough . the panels are formed to provide a flow restrictive feature at the ends of the through fluid passages so that substantial flow will exist in all passages in all panels in an array of panels . one method for obtaining a fluid tight bond between the headers and the panel involves a forming process utilizing a heated die applied to the panel ends , and a subsequent panel and header material melting process followed by imposing pressure contact between the formed panel ends and the headers to thereby effect a permanent bond or weld .
an apparatus for and method of controlling the circulating fan of a gas appliance . the circulating fan is powered by an alternating current electric motor . an electronic circuit , powered by the heat of the gas appliance , determines the rotational speed of the electric motor by controlling the effective duty cycle of the alternating current source coupled to the electric motor .
a valve arrangement for a rotary valve assembly for use in an internal combustion engine of the piston and cylinder type , wherein the cylinder head/combustion chamber is of the hemispherical type , the valve seals being positioned in angled relationship to the hemispherical heads so as to permit charging of the cylinder with a fuel/air mixture and evacuation of spent gases .
a torque converter is provided which comprises a converter cover for connection to a power source , a pump impeller attached to the converter cover , a turbine for connection to a transmission input shaft , a stator interposed between the pump impeller and the turbine , and a ring gear mounted on the converter cover and adapted to increase moment of inertia of the converter cover .
a muffler for an internal combustion engine includes a cylindrical casing having end plates closing the interior thereof . at least one baffle extending perpendicularly to the central axis of the casing is provided for dividing the interior of the casing into a front chamber and a tuning chamber . a tuning tube extending through the baffle places the front chamber into flow communication with the tuning chamber , and at least one exhaust gas inlet pipe extends into the front chamber through one of the end plates in coaxial relationship with the tuning tube . at least one exhaust gas outlet pipe is provided through the one end plate in parallel relationship with the inlet pipe . furthermore , one or more openings are provided in the baffle in coaxial relation to the exhaust gas outlet pipe .
a lighting installation , in particular a danger light , obstruction light or daytime and night-time marker , having at least one luminaire and at least one lighting device arranged in a housing of the luminaire , with the lighting device being in the form of a ring or part of a ring and defining a ring axis , the lighting device being assigned at least a first , wholly or partially encircling reflector surface , which defines an axis of rotation , andthe ring axis and axis of rotation run essentially parallel to one another or even coaxially with one another .
a variable compression ratio rotating engine comprises a containing cylinder forming variable volume chambers , defined by the cylinder inner wall and piston side walls , the cross-section of which has substantially the shape of a circle sector . during the operation of the engine , the pistons are rotated with an uneven circular motion , by a mechanism including a crank , having an eccentric axis with respect to that of the containing cylinder , and small coupling rods coupling the arms of the crank and the end portions of small shafts passing through the pistons , the compression ratio being changed by means of a further mechanism able of changing the eccentricity value of the crank axis with respect to the cylinder axis .
an actuating device ( 18 ) or a clutch ( 16 ) of a motor vehicle ( 2 ) comprising one electric motor ( 34 ) , one gearing ( 36 , 40 , 42 , 44 ) which converts rotational motion of the electric motor ( 34 ) into a translatory motion and one accumulator ( 52 ) . the converter gearing comprises one recirculating ball spindle ( 44 ) . the accumulator ( 52 ) is at least partly situated within the recirculating ball spindle ( 44 ) , and at least parts ( 58 , 60 ) of a displacement sensor ( 56 ) are situated within the recirculating ball spindle ( 44 ) .
heat sinks , heat pipes , and other thermal management devices are formed of a conductive loaded resin-based material . the conductive loaded resin-based material comprises micron conductive powder ( s ) , conductive fiber ( s ) , or a combination of conductive powder and conductive fibers in a base resin host . the ratio of the weight of the conductive powder ( s ) , conductive fiber ( s ) , or a combination of conductive powder and conductive fibers to the weight of the base resin host is between about 0.20 and 0.40 . the micron conductive powders are formed from non-metals , such as carbon , graphite , that may also be metallic plated , or the like , or from metals such as stainless steel , nickel , copper , silver , that may also be metallic plated , or the like , or from a combination of non-metal , plated , or in combination with , metal powders . the micron conductor fibers preferably are of nickel plated carbon fiber , stainless steel fiber , copper fiber , silver fiber , or the like .
a non-oscillating joint comprises a housing with an annular inner surface , an annular sleeve wedged within the housing , a stud with a radially outer bearing surface received in said housing , a radially outer bearing surface of the stud adjacent a radially inner surface of the sleeve , and an annular bearing wedged within the sleeve , the bearing having a longitudinally inner bearing surface contacting a longitudinally outer bearing surface of the stud . in a first embodiment of the present invention , both the radially outer bearing surface of the stud and the radially inner surface of the sleeve are generally conical , the stud wedged within the sleeve . in a second embodiment , a second bearing is wedged between the sleeve and the stud . the joint is subjected to additional compression pre-load when the housing is closed .
an apparatus for reducing fuel consumption in an internal combustion engine such as a diesel engine used in a truck compartment , comprising a thermal insulation cover that also includes reflective fabric over the exhaust manifold , around the intake plenum for intake air and intake air box , covering the turbocharger compressor with a heat insulating material that includes a reflective fabric layer and the turbocharger drive turbine housing except for the bearing area in order to greatly reduce heat build up in the truck engine compartment thereby reducing intake air temperature for increased engine efficiency .
an outboard motor comprises an engine disposed inside an outer cover , an intake unit provided for the engine and including a throttle body disposed in a vicinity of a crankcase of the engine and an intake manifold disposed on a side of the engine so as to extend from the throttle body , the intake manifold having a plurality of intake pipes extending towards intake ports formed in a cylinder head of the engine , and a fuel injectors disposed in substantially intermediate portions of the respective intake pipes .
the vibration device according to the invention includes a compensating device influenced by compensating masses for exciting forces caused by the vibrationary movement , the compensating masses respectively being arranged as partial masses on a hollow shaft , being coaxial with respect to one another , and including a displacing rod in their center by means of which the partial masses of the compensating weights can be displaced in the same manner as the eccentric determining the vibrational movement .
the pawl is retracted from the intermittently rotatable input shaft via a controlled abutment and a spring biased lever-mounted or piston-mounted roller . the abutment serves to start retraction of the pawl while the spring biased roller presses against a non-circular surface of the cam plate on which the pawl is mounted to complete removal of the pawl from the recess . the cam plate also has one or more cam surfaces for resetting the abutment after the pawl has been engaged in the shaft .
the system comprises at least one combustion chamber , an expansion turbine , an air compressor driven by the expansion turbine , and means for coupling the expansion turbine to at least one external receiver of mechanical energy . the system further includes means for injecting water to constitute a thermal ballast in the combustion chamber , the quantity of compressed air used remaining close to the quantity of oxidizing air required for stoichiometric combustion . these additional water injection means comprise : pa1 a ) a mass and heat exchanger for exchanging mass and heat between the combustion products from a condensation recuperator placed on the path of the exhaust gases from the expansion turbine and incoming atmospheric air to enable the air to be pre-moistened prior to entering the compressor ; and pa1 b ) devices for injecting steam and liquid water between the outlet from the air compressor and the inlet to the burner , or into the combustion chamber after the combustion zone and before the first blades of the expansion turbine , the injected steam being produced by a steam recuperator-generator-superheater disposed on the exhaust gases immediately after they leave the expansion turbine , and the liquid water being obtained by recycling the condensed water produced in the condensation recuperator .
thermoplastic polymer locking elements are formed on threaded fasteners to provide a range of self-locking torque characteristics . the thermoplastic resins are of the type that crystallize during cooling from the molten state . the crystallizable polymers are preferably applied in film form to preheated threaded fasteners . by correlation of the preheat temperature , the length of time during which the molten polymer is allowed to melt and flow onto the thread surfaces , and the rate of cooling of the assembly , the geometry of the locking element and the degree of crystallinity of the polymer are controlled .
a process for the extrusion of plastic plates with very finely structured surface using an extrusion system which is equipped with an extruder and a three roll polishing stack containing a roller with the structuring surface . the system is designed for coextrusion and the plastic plates are produced via two extruders as a coextrudate cx from a highly viscous basic molding compound bf and a low viscosity molding compound nf which is extruded on bf . the surface of said plates is structured via the three roll polishing stack . fresnel lenses produced by the process may be used in solar collectors .
split fittings for use in the installation of a semi-rigid secondary pipe over a primary pipe comprise a pair of housing halves which , when mated , form a housing enclosure , sealing means and clamping means capable of holding the secondary pipe and housing halves as a sealed enclosure . a method of fitting a rigid pipeline system with secondary containment system with a secondary semi-rigid pipe uses the split fittings .
a drive axle system and a method of control . shifting of a drive axle assembly between different speed ranges may be inhibited when the inclination of the vehicle exceeds a threshold value . an inclinometer may be used to detect inclination of the vehicle .
a device for draining hydraulic brake fluid which leaks from the wheel cylinder of drum brakes in a hydraulic brake system for a motor vehicle which includes a catch basin disposed below the wheel cylinder on the drum brakes for collecting the leaking fluid with an exit tube connected to the bottom of the catch basin , the tube extending from the catch basin to the exterior of the drum brakes so that the leaking fluid is conducted from the catch basin through the tube and falls harmlessly on the ground thereby avoiding contamination of the surfaces of the brake shoes and drum .
an apparatus of making a soft ice-drink comprises a mixing mechanism including a container containing a liquid material such as syrup and into which shaved ice pieces are discharged , rotary blades , rotatably supported within the container , for mixing together the liquid material and shaved ice pieces and smashing the shaved ice pieces into granules of ice , and a drive motor for rotating the rotary blades at high speeds , and an ice shaving mechanism , disposed on an apparatus bed and above the mixing mechanism , including a shaver casing having a slit to which a shaving blade is exposed and a shaved ice dischage chute opened to above the container , and rotatable blades , provided within the shaver casing , for cooperating with the shaving blade to shave ice blocks charged into the shaver casing .
a lighting fixture includes an elongated lens having an inner surface and an outer surface . the lighting fixture further includes a phosphor layer coupled to the inner surface of the elongated lens . the lighting fixture also includes a first reflector and a second reflector . the first reflector is attached to a first side surface of the elongated lens . the first side surface of the elongated lens is between the inner surface and the outer surface on a first elongated side of the lens . the second reflector is attached to a second side surface of the elongated lens . the second side surface of the elongated lens is between the inner surface and the outer surface on a second elongated side of the lens . the elongated lens , the phosphor layer , the first reflector , and the second reflector are extruded or molded as a single piece .
in various embodiments , an electronic flow selector of a fluid flow control system may be used to select a flow rate of a fluid . the fluid flow control system may be operated in an electronic mode and a manual mode . when the system is in a manual mode , mechanical backup flow selectors may be used to select the flow rate of a fluid . the mechanical backup flow selectors may include a position detection system to determine the flow rate of a fluid . flow selectors of the flow control system may be rotationally engaged with the valve shafts of each needle valve , while allowing them to translate axially . the flow selectors may remain axially fixed while the valve shafts are axially translated with respect to the needle valves in a fluid flow control system .
the present application provides a combustor for combusting a number of flows of air and a number of flows of fuel . the combustor may include a central swirler for producing a high swirl quench air flow , a number of trapped vortex cavities surrounding the central swirler for producing a flow of combustion gases , a brief severe quench zone downstream of the trapped vortex cavities to quench the flow of combustion gases between an outer quench air flow and the high swirl quench air flow , and an expansion zone downstream of the brief severe quench zone .
a method for assembling a gas turbine engine includes coupling a gearbox to a low-pressure turbine , the gearbox includes a plurality of planetary gears intermeshed with the sun gear , each of the planetary gears includes a first gear portion having a first diameter and a second gear portion having a second diameter that is different than the first diameter .
the invention relates to a method and apparatus for desulfurizing flue gas n fuel oil firing systems comprising a residual heat exchanger forming an acid condensate . a neutralizing agent is added to the acid condensate and the neutralized condensate recirculated to the residual heat exchanger for the purpose of dissolving sulfur dioxide . the apparatus for carrying out this method in a fuel oil firing system comprising a residual heat exchanger and a collecting tank for the condensate is provided with a pump and a tank filled with neutralizing agent which are both disposed in a condensate recirculation conduit leading from the collecting tank to the residual heat exchanger .
garbage incinerator fumes containing water vapor and hcl are drawn downwardly over a cooled tube bundle ( 41 ) in a vertical heat exchanger ( 4 ) , whereat the water vapor condenses and the hcl dissolves in the condensate , which then falls into a collection reservoir ( 43 ) for siphon removal . the fumes are maintained above their dew-point temperature throughout the process .
a clutch outer includes a cylindrical portion with a plurality of slits defined therein which extend in an axial direction of the cylindrical portion . engagement claws on outer peripheries of a plurality of friction plates slidably engage the slits . each slit includes a wide portion defined on an inner periphery of the cylindrical portion and into which the engagement claws are engaged , and a narrow portion defined on an outer periphery of the cylindrical portion with a width in a circumferential direction of the cylindrical portion being smaller than that of the wide portion . the wide and narrow portions are connected through a step facing a radially inward direction of the cylindrical portion . a draft for the wide portion during die-casting is less than a draft for the narrow portion , and a die-parting face in the die-casting is established on the side of the outer periphery of the cylindrical portion .
the invention provides a chandelier having rod-mounted glass ornaments . the ornaments have decorative patterns and rims constructed and arranged to mate in a face-to-face relationship when the ornaments are positioned upon the rod in the manner such that the decorative patterns are secured in predetermined alignment . the ornaments may be constructed so that identical ornaments mate with one another . also , sets of mating glass ornaments are provided for providing multiple combinations of decorative arrangements .
a process is provided for analyzing and visualizing conditions of a combustion process in an enclosure , and includes steps of providing continuously updated images of the enclosure for visualization of the enclosure to a user , using a viewing device having a display representing a virtual window of the enclosure ; detecting a viewing angle and a viewing position of the user relative to the enclosure ; illustrating an interior prospect of the enclosure relative to the viewing angle and position of the user based on the images of the enclosure ; and adjusting , in realtime , the illustration of the interior prospect of the enclosure as at least one of the viewing angle and position of the user is changed for reflecting a changed view of the user .
a rotor for a turbomachine includes a rim defining a base of a rotor , an airfoil shaped blade extending from said rim and defining a chord line and a bore extending from said rim opposite said airfoil shaped blade . the rim further includes at least one rail extending away from said airfoil shaped blade .
the present disclosure provides a suction filter that filters a fuel inside a fuel tank of a vehicle . the suction filter includes a filter element , a partitioning wall element , a passage element , and an open/close valve . the filter element is disposed in and exposed inside of the fuel tank . the filter element filters a stored fuel stored in the fuel tank . the partitioning wall element is arranged in the inside space to divide the inside space into a first space and a second space that is lower than the first space . the inlet to take in the filtered fuel is open in the second space . the passage element defines an inflow opening open in the first space , an outflow opening to which a negative suction pressure is applied through the inlet , and a flow passage through which the filtered fuel flows . the open/close valve closes the inflow opening when a liquid level of the filtered fuel is above the partitioning wall element and that closes the inflow opening when the liquid level is below the partitioning wall element .
an engine comprising a valve , cam lobe , rocker , follower member and an optional spring is disclosed herein . the valve may comprise a valve stem . the cam lobe may have a base circle and a nose . the cam lobe may be attached to a rotating shaft . the rocker may have a valve end portion contacting the valve , a lifter end portion defining a pivot axis of the rocker and a cam surface disposed between the valve end portion and the lifter end portion . the nose of the cam lobe may contact the cam surface for opening the valve . the follower member may be disposed adjacent the cam lobe opposite the rocker . the follower member may be attached to the rocker and have a curved inner surface upon which the nose of the cam lobe contacts for lifting the rocker . the spring may be disposed about the valve stem of the valve for closing the valve stem of the valve .
articles and methods for forming optically variable thin film flakes and replicated coatings having preselected optical properties . the articles generally comprise a flexible web of material and an optically variable thin film coating formed on one surface of the web . the optically variable coating is separated from the web to form optically variable thin film flakes . the flakes are disposed in ink and paint vehicles to provide optically variable inks , paints and the like .
an assembly and method for remotely affixing and removing decorative lighting from a building gutter . the assembly includes a hanger having a body portion with a first body segment joined to a catch portion and a second body segment joined to a hook portion . the catch portion is adjacent a gutter back wall and the hook portion is adjacent a gutter upper lip upon the hanger being affixed to the gutter . the hanger includes a securing member adapted to secure the decorative lighting to the hanger . the assembly further includes a positioning implement having an engagement member and a pole attached to the positioning implement . the engagement member is releasably received by a connector of the hanger . the method for remotely affixing and removing decorative lighting from the gutter comprises releasably engaging the engagement member of a positioning implement to the connector of the hanger apparatus . the decorative lighting and the hanger apparatus are simultaneously positioned via the positioning implement and attached pole . the engagement member is then released from the connector .
a valve damping piston and a cam follower piston have telescopic sliding fits in opposite ends of a through-bore in the lifter housing . a pressure chamber is cooperatively defined within the housing between the two pistons , and is communicated to the engine oil supply . a lash adjusting piston has a telescopical sliding fit with the exterior axial end of the damping piston , and the two cooperatively define between themselves a lash adjusting chamber . the lash adjusting chamber is communicated to the pressure chamber by an axial segment of the telescopic sliding fit of the damping piston to the housing . the clearance provided by this axial segment creates a flow restriction that results in the pressure in the lash adjusting chamber being appreciably lower , 50 % for example , than the pressure in the pressure chamber . the damping piston contains a circumferential groove that is directly communicated to the termination of the axial segment . a radial and then an axial hole in the damper piston communicate the groove to the lash adjusting chamber . 00
the invention relates to a parallel shift transmission having a drive unit and two partial transmissions , each connectable to the drive unit via a friction clutch and each having a plurality of gear ratio steps .
a power transfer mechanism incorporated in a multiple path drive system comprising a source of input torque , a transfer case , and a pair of drive axles having equal axle ratios . torque is transferred directly to the first drive axle and , when required , is transferred automatically to the second drive axle through a path including a freewheel device . another path is provided in parallel with the freewheel device for torque transfer from the second drive axle to the first drive axle .
a two-stroke internal combustion engine is disclosed having first and second cylinders having respective exhaust ports . a valve assembly comprises at least one valve actuator . first and second valves are operatively connected to the at least one valve actuator . the first and second valves are each movable between a first position wherein the valve extends a first distance in the respective exhaust port and a second position wherein the valve extends a second distance in the respective exhaust port . a valve connecting member is rigidly connected to the first and second valves and movable therewith via a translational motion while maintaining a substantially constant angular orientation relative to the cylinder block . a position sensor has a first portion connected to the cylinder block and a second portion connected to the valve connecting member . an electronic control unit ( ecu ) electrically connected to the position sensor .
an indoor unit and an air conditioning system using the same include a first communication module to communicate with a wired remote controller , a power switch connected to a power terminal of one or the other side of the first communication module , a ground switch connected to a ground terminal of one or the other side of the first communication module to constitute a pair with the power switch , and an indoor unit controller to turn on the power switch and the ground switch when an indoor unit supplies power to the wired remote controller , and to turn off the power switch and the ground switch when another indoor unit supplies power to the wired remote controller .
a multi-oil fired furnace having a heat exchanger that extends rearwardly of the combustion chamber and utilizes laminar air flow around the combustion chamber to minimize the width and height dimensions of the cabinet shell for the furnace . the heat exchanger includes an exhaust header having a central opening and a cluster of concentrically arranged exhaust tubes connected to the combustion chamber . a vertical baffle forces the flow of air through a central opening that is concentric with the combustion chamber into a group of horizontal baffles directing the air into a generally laminar flow pattern against the outer surface of the combustion chamber before being discharged from the cabinet shell in a selected one or more of three possible directions . the fan control switch is mounted on a mounting plate that is welded to the combustion chamber to provide a planar contact surface for the switch mechanism .
an input keyboard unit includes a left and right keyboard . a separate universal pivot support unit is secured one to each keyboard and to a base support plate . each universal pivot unit includes a telescopic shaft with a releasable connector for holding of the shaft in desired extended position . one end of the shaft or post unit is secured to the keyboard through a mounting plate . a ball and socket unit is secured to the opposite end and through a tongue and groove connection to a base plate for lateral positioning of the pivot units and the attached keyboard relative to each other . the ball and socket unit allows universal pivoting of the keyboard about the mounting to the base plate and thereby permits the optimal positioning of the keyboard with respect to the hands of the operator . in one embodiment , the two separate keyboard boards are generally rectangular members . a universal pivot units interconnects the top inner corners of the two keyboards whereby a generally inverted v-shaped spacing is provided between the two keyboards with each keyboard having a front-to-back inclination and a lateral side inclination with the universal pivot units of the keyboards permitting the precise optimal setting for any given individual or group of individuals . the keyboard connecting pivot unit is releasable to allow lateral spacing of the keyboards where desired or necessary for any given individual .
a process which stores a representation of a polygon forming a portion of a three-dimensional object and compares the polygon to pixels from a scan line as they are passed by . the processor stores a representation of a polygon and compares each pixel passed by the processor to the polygon to determine whether the pixel is within the polygon . if the pixel is within the polygon , its z position ( depth ) is compared to the z position of a corresponding position in the polygon . if the z position of the polygon position is in front of the z position of the pixel so that the polygon would obscure the previous pixel description , the z position and an associates material value ( e.g. , color ) of the polygon is substituted for the z position of the pixel . the three-dimensional object is preferably represented with triangles and each polygon processor is preferably a triangle processor , with a series of triangle processors arranged in a pipeline . two pipelines may be provided in parallel . several triangle processors can be placed on a single semiconductor chip with input and output buffers for performing multiplexing , delaying and skewing . an x counter on the chip rederives the pixel x position , eliminating the need for this input .
an evaporative emission control system for an internal combustion engine includes of an evaporative fuel passage extending between the fuel tank and the intake system of the engine , and a control valve arranged across the evaporative fuel passage for opening and closing the evaporative fuel passage . the opening of the control valve is controlled such that the interior of the fuel tank is under negative pressure during operation and stoppage of the engine . the opening of the control valve is set to a desired value according to operating conditions of the engine .
an assembly arrangement includes : an assembly element defining a mounting hole therein ; and a cuff inserted into the mounting hole in a vibration-damping manner , the cuff being made of an elastic rubber material and defining a through hole therein . the cuff further includes a cuff neck resting in the mounting hole and defining , over an entire length thereof , an outer circumferential surface extending essentially along a longitudinal axis of the cuff , and a fastening region having an inner wall which protrudes radially inwardly into the through hole , the fastening region extending over a portion of a circumference of the through hole . the assembly arrangement further includes : an assembly sleeve inserted into the through hole and including a jacket having a circumferential configuration such that when the assembly sleeve passes through the fastening region of the cuff , it widens the inner walls of the fastening region in a radial direction thereby fastening the cuff and the assembly sleeve in the mounting hole ; and a screw . the screw includes a screw shaft inserted into the assembly sleeve and a screw head adjacent the screw shaft , wherein the cuff is configured such that it is acted upon in a tightening direction of the screw by at least one of the screw head and an annular collar of the assembly sleeve .
a system for monitoring the performance of an internal combustion engine includes a pressure sensor that has a mounting configuration external to the cylinders such that it is capable of monitoring the pressures within two adjacent cylinders . the signal output of the sensor is filtered to remove undesired engine noise and blank out those signals which are unrelated to compression and firing , thereby reducing errors in the signal output . after filtering the signals to reduce noise , a successive number of samples related to compression and firing are obtained to provide an adequate number of signals which will average out mechanical and electrical noise . from the successive samples , a straight line approximation of the slope of the cylinder pressure curve , relative to crank angle , is obtained . the derived slope values are compared with upper and lower limits to determine whether or not the pressure within the engine cylinder of interest is acceptable . if the upper limit is exceeded or if the value obtained is less than the lower limit a fault in the cylinder operation is assumed to have occurred . this fault measurement and analysis procedure is repeated a prescribed number of times and if the problem continues to occur over a predetermined consecutive number of measurements , then a fault indication is generated .
a drop rest assembly , for an archery bow that allows for resting of arrow which is to be fired by the archery bow . the drop rest assembly includes a mounting section adapted to mount to the archery bow . the drop rest assembly includes a drop rest section mounted to the mounting section . the drop rest section includes a drop rest mount which mounts to the mounting section . the drop rest section includes an arrow rest rotatably mounted to the drop rest mount , where the arrow rest mechanically biased away from an arrow resting position . the drop rest assembly includes a tension string connected to the arrow rest for rotating the arrow rest to the arrow resting position , such that release of the tension string allows the arrow rest to move away from the arrow resting position due to the arrow rest being mechanically biased away from the arrow resting position .
a jet pipe assembly containing at least one joint provided with a seal assembly to isolate , substantially , the fluid flowing in the pipe from the fluid external to the pipe . the dynamic member of the seal assembly is provided with both radial and cylindrical sealing surfaces .
a gas turbine combustion system and method used for generating electrical power includes a compressor that receives and compresses air . a first stage turbine nozzle is flowise connected to the compressor and receives a portion of the compressed air from the compressor within a first air flow . a torus configured combustion chamber is positioned around the first stage turbine nozzle and receives a portion of the compressed air from the compressor within a second air flow that is passed through the combustion chamber where air and fuel are mixed and combusted . the air is discharged at the first stage turbine nozzle to mix with the first air while achieving a dry low nox combustion .
a method for operating a rotary machine is provided . the rotary machine includes a stationary member and a rotatable member wherein the rotatable member is configured to rotate at least partially within the stationary member . the method includes determining an off-normal operating condition of the rotary machine facilitating undesirable contact between the rotatable member and the stationary member , monitoring a parameter associated with the off-normal operating condition , and preventing operation of the rotary machine while the monitored parameter is within a predetermined range .
a first piston ( 21 ) is coupled to an output rod ( 2 ) inserted in a housing ( 1 ) . a second piston ( 22 ) is inserted in the housing ( 1 ) radially outside of the output rod ( 2 ) . a force multiplier ( 36 ) has a wedge space ( 39 ) and a plurality of engaging balls ( 40 ) . when force multiplication driving is started , the wedge space ( 39 ) is formed between a transmitting portion ( 37 ) provided in the output rod ( 2 ) and a receiving portion ( 38 ) provided in the housing ( 1 ) so as to get narrower as it extends radially inward . before the force multiplication driving is started , the engaging balls ( 40 ) are brought into contact with an outer circumferential surface of the output rod ( 2 ) , and when the force multiplication driving is started , the engaging balls ( 40 ) are pushed out toward the wedge space ( 39 ) to engage with the transmitting portion ( 37 ) .
the invention relates to a device ( 1 ) for distributing fluid under pressure , particularly welding gas , comprising at least one body ( 1 & # 8242 ; ) provided with at least one manometer ( 3 , 3 & # 8242 ; ) comprising a housing ( 4 ) and a connection ferrule ( 2 , 2 & # 8242 ; ) , said connection ferrule ( 2 , 2 & # 8242 ; ) being inserted in a recess ( 5 , 5 & # 8242 ; ) provided in the body ( 1 & # 8242 ; ) , characterized in that said body ( 1 & # 8242 ; ) comprises moreover at least one passage ( 6 , 16 ) communicating with said recess ( 5 , 51 ) , and in that said connection ferrule ( 2 , 2 & # 8242 ; ) comprises at least one recess ( 7 , 71 ) and in that at least one connection means ( 8 , 18 ) is inserted in at least one portion of at least one passage ( 6 , 16 ) of the body ( 1 & # 8242 ; ) and in at least one portion of at-least one recess ( 7 , 7 & # 8242 ; ) of the connection ferrule ( 2 , 21 ) , so as to permit the solidarization , at least temporarily , of said manometer ( 3 , 3 & # 8242 ; ) on said body ( 1 & # 8242 ; ) .cylinder of welding gas or of medical gas provided with such a device for fluid distribution .
a hydraulic pressure regulator in a v-belt type continuously variable transmission for vehicles comprises a torque ratio pressure control valve providing torque ratio pressure corresponding to the reduction ratio between input and output shafts , a regulator valve receiving the torque ratio pressure and providing the line pressure corresponding to the torque ratio pressure , and feedback passages of output hydraulic pressure of the torque ratio pressure control valve acting on the torque ratio pressure passage through an orifice . in the hydraulic pressure regulator , the feedback hydraulic pressure is changed in intake or exhaust state and the torque ratio pressure entered to the regulator valve is varied stepwise corresponding to the throttle opening , and the line pressure is controlled stepwise corresponding to the throttle opening , thereby the line pressure can be approached to the minimum value required by the hydraulic control circuit . thus loss of the driving force of the engine on account of the oil pump can be reduced and the rate of fuel consumption in the engine be also reduced .
an operating device for an electrical and/or electronic apparatus is adapted to the operating behavior of a user . the apparatus has a plurality of operating states which can be chosen or set by way of the operating device . the selection and/or setting , by the user , of the operating states is stored in a memory . a number of how often a given user input is implemented is ascertained and , for the next selection and/or setting of an operating state , that one which is implemented most frequently is suggested . an operating device for carrying out the method has a memory for storage of the implemented selections and/or settings of operating states , a counter for ascertaining the number of how often a selection and/or a setting is implemented , a calculator for ascertaining the frequency of a selection and/or setting and a comparator for ascertaining the most frequently implemented selection and/or settings .
devices for separating impurities from the lubricating oil of an internal combustion engine , the devices at least having a filter element and a housing provided with a screw cap . the screw cap and the filter element include a detachable connection arrangement which can be brought into contact and are used to transmit axial tractive forces . a first device is characterized in that the connection arrangement can be brought into contact by rotating the screw cap in the loosening rotational direction thereof and can be disengaged by rotating the screw cap in the tightening rotational direction thereof . a second device also includes a centrifuge located in the same housing , a first connection apparatus , corresponding to the above-mentioned connection apparatus being provided between an intermediate cap and the filter element , and a second connection apparatus being provided between the screw cap and the intermediate cap .
a control valve is disposed in a communication passage for communication between a combustion chamber and a chamber portion adjacent to the combustion chamber , and through the communication passage at least one of a fuel and an air-fuel mixture , and a highly compressed gas , are supplied or charged into the combustion chamber and the chamber portion adjacent thereto , respectively . the control valve includes a first control valve disposed in the first communication passage and a second control valve disposed in the second communication passage , the first control valve causes the first communication passage to open at a timing near closing of an exhaust port and causes it to close halfway in a compression stroke . the second control valve causes the second communication passage to open at a timing near closing of the scavenging ports and causes it to close prior to closing of the first communication passage .
a double seal bearing includes a labyrinth seal mechanism . the double seal bearing is provided with a pair of annular inner and outer sealing plates having respective central openings with a remaining slight clearance between each respective sealing plate and one of the inner and outer races , respectively , so as to assure the labyrinth seal function .
a garbage incinerator with tunnel furnace combustion includes a tunnel furnace serving as the burner unit , a number of carriers serving as the burner beds , and a specified track course to deliver the garbage-loaded carriers into the tunnel furnace to incinerate the garbage . a hopper is provided to receive the garbage and spread it evenly onto the carrier . each carrier is driven into the tunnel furnace to burn the garbage and includes a bottom loading plate onto which the consumed embers fall . an automatic ember removing equipment is provided for to remove the embers from the carrier . the carriers travel on a circular track so that they continuously move in and out of the furnace .
the invention relates to an oil-leak proof bearing system , and the system includes a bearing , an oil-leak proof cover and a rotor shaft . the center portion of the oil-leak proof cover defines a through hole , and the inner wall defining the through hole is provided with at least one first guiding groove thereon extended obliquely downward from the upper edge of the inner side face to force oil dispersed by the rotor shaft to flow back into the bearing system . the bottom surface of the oil-leak proof cover , contacting the bearing , is provided with second guiding grooves extending radially approximately from the center thereof . the capillarity of the second guiding grooves guides the oil dispersed by the rotor shaft to flow radially . the design of the first and second guiding grooves prevents the bearing system from leakage of lubricating oil , and provides a closed oil loop for operation .
a swivel mount includes a support bracket including a pair of parallel swivel arms spaced apart to accommodate a loudspeaker assembly therebetween , and having coaxial openings therethrough respectively carrying therein two plunger-actuated expansion type fasteners , the expansible portions of which extend inwardly from the swivel arms . two swivel members are respectively fixedly secured to opposite sides of the loudspeaker assembly , each having a hollow cylindrical portion receiving therein the expansible portion of the adjacent fastener for support thereon and for rotational and axial movement with respect thereto . each swivel member carries detent teeth and is axially movable for meshing engagement thereof with complementary detent teeth on the adjacent swivel arm for preventing relative rotational movement of the swivel member and swivel arm . each swivel member is so dimensioned that only when the detent teeth are thus engaged , the fastener may be expanded into engagement with the inside of the swivel member for preventing axial and rotational movement thereof , thereby locking the detent teeth in their engaged position .
the cable bracket mechanism is extendable between a cleat or clamp mounted to a building and a part of a bay or bow window that is remote from the building . the mechanism includes an elongated bracket having a a flange at one end extending about right angles to the main body and a reversely curved hook portion at the other end that is joined to the main body and is extended into a second bracket opening , a cable having one end connected to a building and at its opposite end to a stud extended through an aperture in the flange , the second bracket being mounted to the window , and a fastener threadable on the stud to bear against the flange for adjusting the tension in the cable .
an actuating device for a friction clutch device installed in the drive train of a motor vehicle introduces actuating forces , especially clutch-engaging or clutch-releasing forces , to the friction clutch device to actuate at least one friction clutch of the friction clutch device in the engaging or releasing direction . at least one actuating element assigned to a friction clutch can be shifted axially relative to at least one support element , which is essentially fixed in the axial direction , to exert the actuating forces . the actuating element belongs to an actuator assigned to the clutch or can be shifted axially relative to the support element by the intermediate action of an actuator assigned to the clutch . the actuating element and the support element engage with each other in such a way that a rotational movement of the actuating element relative to the nonrotatably supported support element , this movement being imparted by the intermediate action of the actuator , is converted to an axial translational movement of the actuating element relative to the axially supported support element .
a fitting for mating a fluid flow main line , such as a sewage disposal line , with a branch line to a residence , industrial building , or commercial building intended to be serviced . the fitting is mated to a t interposed in the main line which the branch line is intended to intersect . the fitting is , in turn , at its end opposite that by which it is mated to the t , interfitted to the branch line to provide for relative telescoping movement between the fitting and the branch line . damage to the main line as a result of settling of the earth in which the branch line is buried is protected against .
the invention relates to a liquid removal module ( 1 ) for removing liquid from a liquid tank ( 18 ) , in particular of an exhaust gas aftertreament system of a motor vehicle , comprising a main body ( 2 ) that can be arranged in and/or on the liquid tank ( 18 ) . the main body has a liquid removal device ( 36 ) having at least one removal opening ( 7 ) that can be associated with the tank interior ( 27 ) and bears at least one filter element ( 9 ) associated with the removal opening ( 7 ) . the filter element ( 9 ) , which is elastically deformable at least in some areas , is arranged/designed in such a way that the filter element has at least one bulge ( 17 ) directed opposite the removal flow direction ( 26 ) . the invention further relates to a liquid tank ( 18 ) for a vehicle , in particular for an exhaust gas aftertreament system of a motor vehicle .
in a carburetor , an electromagnet energized according to a pulse width modulated duty cycle has a stationary pole member which drives a pair of permanently magnetic valves against the bias of a pair of permanently magnetic discs to control fuel flow through a main metering orifice and air flow through an idle air bleed .
a combustion system for a vehicle may include a piston in which a first combustion recess is formed in an upper end surface thereof , and at least one second combustion recess is further formed at the bottom of the first combustion recess , a first intake port and a second intake port for supplying a cylinder with air , and a controller that differently controls amounts of recirculation exhaust gas being supplied to the first intake port and the second intake port .
a semi-permanent and collapseable shield of metal foil is pleated concertina-like to present a u-shaped half circular body capable when open , to surround a stove heating element and a cooking pot thereon , to catch the splatter from the pot . the shield is capable of being stacked with other shields for packaging in multiples .
a damping system for motor vehicle axial drives and the like , provides a dismountable mounting on a hub and substantially enclosing a square-section inertia ring grooved around all faces , and having respective `` o '' -rings movably and removably held between the grooves and the housing by compressive contact , providing for ready replacement of the `` o '' -rings .
an electrodynamic direct drive includes an armature that travels within a housing and a drive system for moving armature in relation to housing . the drive system has two drive means , that are moved in relation to each other in the form of a coil system with at least one coil and a magnet system with at least one permanent magnet to move a load driver coupled with the armature . a displacement measurement space is defined by an end face of the armature and walls of the housing and/or the surface of the internally placed drive means . a sensor detects position of the armature within the housing by electromagnetic waves . the distance of the armature from the sensor is measured on the basis of the transit time of electromagnetic waves .
a unitary bolt and chamber adapter for field replacement , without tools , of the conventional bolt assembly of rifles of the type m16 and ar-15 provides for the use of conventional .22 caliber long rifle rimfire ammunition in the rifle instead of the larger conventional centerfire ammunition . the bolt functions in semiautomatic fire by conventional blowback action . through cooperation with an improved .22 caliber rimfire magazine adapter , the breech automatically remains open after firing the last round from the magazine . the bolt guide rails are flexibly attached to the chamber providing for reliable operation in a larger number of rifles . a spring actuated forward locator on the bolt assembly keeps the adapter seated in the rifle chamber , compensating for differences in gun receiver lengths . an undercut bolt face provides the positive extraction of a double extractor system with a single extractor , and a groove-and-land chamber adapter provides reliable operation with good and poor quality ammunition . a gas diverter protects the rifleman 's eyes and provides a clean receiver without modifying the original gun .
a vibration management system for a work machine may include at least one machine component configured to respond to input commands from an operator of the machine . one or more vibration sensors may be configured to output a signal indicative of a vibration level experienced by the operator . a controller may be configured to monitor the output signal from the one or more vibration sensors and determine an average vibration level experienced by the operator . the controller may also be configured to monitor the input commands from the operator and calculate a predicted response of the at least one machine component to at least one of the input commands . the controller may also be configured to determine a predicted vibration effect on the operator based on the predicted response and adjust an actual response of the at least one machine component to the at least one operator input command based on the predicted vibration effect and the average vibration level .
hazardous electrical shocks are prevented in an electrical system , such as a swimming pool lighting system having submerged pool lights , by periodically testing for all potential hazardous electrical shock conditions associated with the system and blocking electrification of the system in response to the detection of any shock condition .
a connector includes a rear body portion and a front body portion . the front side of the rear body portion , and the front body portion disposed therearound , are for fluidly coupling to first and second sources of pressurized fluids in a co-axial manner . the rear side of the rear body portion is for fluidly coupling to first and second destinations of the pressurized fluids in an adjacent manner .
an irradiated polyethylene tube is supported on a mandrel with adhesive material applied against its outside surface whereupon a first tubular layer is braided against the adhesive means followed by a tubular layer of neoprene rubber followed by braiding a second tubular layer against the neoprene rubber to define an assembly which is subjected to a controlled temperature environment to simultaneously vulcanize the rubber and bond the tube and tubular layers together defining the hose construction as a unitary structure .
a method and apparatus for a vehicle suspension system gas spring . in one embodiment , a vehicle suspension system gas spring includes a compressible main gas chamber and an additional volume combinable with the main chamber to change a gas spring rate of the system . in one embodiment , a low friction piston seal is created by a flexible seal member .
a traffic signal housing includes a bottom housing element that has a radius and a power circuit that is connected to an external source via one or more pluggable connectors through the bottom housing element . three distinct arrays of leds provide a tri-color signal , wherein each array is powered by the power circuit . a distribution cover is coupled to the bottom housing element to enclose the power circuit and the led arrays .
a brake assembly by means of which rotational motion and also linear motion , i.e . faulty motion of lifting platforms , especially dropping , is braked . the assembly comprises a braking gear ( 20 , 21 ) fitted onto axle ( 4 ) , a coupling ( 25 , 26 ) to transmit rotational motion and furnished with a locking device ( 27 ) that releases by an adjusted rate of centrifugal force generated by the rotational motion and locks the coupling to transmit rotational motion between the axle and the locking device . upon locking , the locking device in the coupling is fitted to transmit rotational motion also in the opposite direction of the direction produced by the locking device in order to open the locking device by turning axle ( 4 ) in the opposite direction , and the coupling has a retaining shoulder ( 50 ) to prevent the locking device from returning immediately to an unlocked position when the brake is opened by rotating axle ( 4 ) in the opposite direction .
a check valve comprising a sectional valve body adapted to be interposed in a flow line , a valve seat provided in one body portion , a pivotal clapper member movable toward and away from said valve seat to provide alternate open and closed positions for the valve and hanger means provided in the body including means for urging the clapper toward a normal closed position against the valve seat .
by removably disposing a fluid cutoff device in a gas piping , a gas cutoff management function for remote cutting-off/return , etc. , can be added to an existing flow measuring unit , and a communicating portion can make bidirectional communications , so that by transmitting an acceptance state of a remote operation from the external device to the external device , higher reliability and safety can be realized , and by detecting use with the fluid cutoff device removed , safety can be further improved while unauthorized use is prevented .
a device for measuring the position ( location and orientation ) , in the six degrees of freedom of receiving antennae ( 3 ) with respect to transmitting antennae ( 2 ) utilizing pulsed dc magnetic signals . the transmitting and receiving components consist of two or more transmitting antennae of known location and orientation with respect to each other . the transmitting antenna ( 2 ) are driven one at a time ( or in the case of three or more antennae one or two at a time ) by a pulsed , direct current signal . the receiving antennae ( 3 ) measure the transmitted direct current magnetic fields and the earth 's magnetic field . a computer ( 5 ) is used to control the transmitting and receiving elements and to convert the received signals into location and orientation outputs .
an oil pumping unit with pinion reciprocating on rack has a base , a housing , crown block , a steel wire rope , a motor , a reducer , a pinion , and a rack . rack seats are fixed on the inner sides of the front portion of the housing and the rack is secured on the rack seats . the two inner sides of the housing are guiding rails for the reciprocating frame . at each of the four corners of the reciprocating frame , a horizontal guiding wheel and a longitudinal guiding wheel are mounted , connecting to a pendulous frame via a hinge . the rear interior portion of the housing has a power cable box mounted , in the middle of which is an opening . shelves are mounted on the upper portion of the housing . the steel wire rope ( 5 ) passes through the shelves .
an explosive device comprising a plurality of serially spaced shaped char with a flat metal washer at the base of each upper charge which washer is propelled across an annular space , at a known velocity , to impact and thereby initiate the explosive charge driving the next jet in sequence . a metal shield down the center of the charge provides a channel for passage of the jets generated and also , said shield by collapsing under the action of the explosive , propels a particular washer associated therewith and clips off the slow non-penetrating end of each jet , minimizing the required time delay between jets .
a transmission gear is composed of two gear elements provided with teeth on their circumference . the gear elements are displaceable coaxially in the circumferential direction and with their teeth offset with respect to one another . the elements are also connected with one another shapewise by at least one connecting member in such fashion that when a meshing gear engages the gear elements , the existing tooth flank play is reduced or eliminated . in this way the connecting member connects the gear elements so that they are nondisplaceable with respect to one another in the circumferential direction and causes the displacement of the gear elements with respect to one another by virtue of its thermal expansion .
a method , a selector switch and selector device , is provided for secure position detection of a selector switch , which can be operated in at least two positions , particularly in a vehicle . in the method , a code word composed of a data part and a test part is assigned to each selector switch position . the code word is generated in each selector switch position by a number of switches corresponding to the number of bits of the code word . the data part already indicates an unambiguous selector switch position . in each code word , the test part is determined corresponding to a defined imaging rule from the data part . the test part generated by the switches is compared with the test part formed on the basis of the imaging rule from the data part , and , from a comparison of the two test parts , a conclusion is drawn with respect to a correct or erroneous position detection of the selector switch .
a humidifying apparatus for equipment for conditioning the air of vehicle has a humidity detecting circuit and a humidifying device including a spray nozzle . the humidifying device is intermittently operated by a control device . thus , humidity in the vehicle cabin can be controlled so as to be maintained at a desired value while keeping the humidity in the cabin uniform .
a clamp for electrical cables including a body portion of stamped metal . the body portion has two end walls extending at right angles to the base . at least a first pair of arms spaced intermediate along one edge of the base . the arms also extend outward at essentially right angles to the base such that they are parallel to the end walls . an arm and an associated end wall form a first channel . the movable jaw interfits below the arms and when tightened comes into compressive engagement with the cables in the channel .
an apparatus for setting the angular relationship between rotating driving , and driven members in the injection pump drive of an internal combustion engine . the driving member and the driven member have a toothed portion of which at least one is a helical toothed portion , whereby the toothed portions are coupled to each other by a coupler member having toothed portions which mesh with the toothed portions of the driving and driven members . at least one of the toothed portions of the coupler member is configured as a helical portion and is hydraulically displaceable with respect to the other toothed portions . this hydraulic displacement is controlled by a centrifugal governor having flyweights . the flyweights displace a valve member against the force of at least one spring in an rpm-dependent manner to effect the rpm-dependent adjustment of the instant of injection . in addition to the rpm-dependent displacement , a load-dependant displaceability , can be superimposed . as a result , the instant of injection can be influenced in accordance with load , in order thus to attain an improved combustion efficiency .
two-stage cryogenic pumping apparatus having individual plate members with cryosorbent coatings secured by removable fasteners to permit easy assembly and replacement of the plate members . the plate members are spaced apart to provide relatively unrestricted access to the cryosorbent material for the gases to be adsorbed thereon .
a turbocharger with an exhaust gas-driven turbine includes a variable nozzle formed by a stator supporting fixed vanes and defining bypass openings , and a rotor supporting movable vanes and defining bypass channels . each fixed vane overlaps with a movable vane by a varying extent dependent on rotational position of the rotor . in a fully open position of the rotor , the movable vanes have a maximum extent of overlap with the fixed vanes , and the bypass channels align with the bypass openings so that some of the exhaust gas flows through the aligned bypass openings and channels , bypassing the turbine wheel .
a rotor-type oil pump for sucking and discharging oil to be supplied to a variety of oil-requiring parts of an automotive engine . the oil pump comprises a generally annular outer rotor which is rotatably disposed in a pump casing . a generally annular inner rotor is disposed eccentrically inside the outer rotor and has an external gear which is partly in mesh with the internal gear of the outer rotor . the outer rotor is designed such that stress at the tooth base section of the internal gear is generally equal to stress at the tooth base section of the external gear of the inner rotor in their dynamic condition , thereby reducing the thickness of the tooth base section of the outer rotor .
a machine , such as an engine , which includes a cylinder ( 1 ) , an essentially cylindrical piston ( 5 ) set on bearings and equipped with an eccentrically-set shaft ( 11 ) , an inlet port or valve ( 8 ) , an outlet port or valve ( 9 ) , and a lever device ( 7 ) , which is attached by bearings to a shaft ( 6 ) and which is intended to be in essentially tight contact with the piston ( 5 ) . the cylinder ( 1 ) forms an essentially cylindrical chamber for the rotary piston ( 5 ) and a partially cylindrical chamber for the lever device ( 7 ) that moves backwards and forwards . the piston ( 5 ) is equipped , in the interior of the working chamber , with sliding-ring-type bearings ( 13 , 14 ) .
the present invention relates to apparatus , systems and methods for loading moonclips . specifically , the present invention provides apparatus , systems and methods that provide for the automatic loading of moonclips with rounds , to be used with handguns having revolver cylinders . more specifically , the present invention provides apparatus , systems and methods that allow for quick , easy and efficient loading of moonclips by holding a moonclip and pressing a round into a round receiving receptacle of the moonclip .
an oil supply structure for an engine cylinder head is disclosed . in an engine having a variable valve timing apparatus utilizing oil pressure as an operational power source to smoothly supply lubricating oil for the cylinder head and an operational oil for the variable valve timing apparatus in a clean state , the arrangement of passages allows for ease of installation and maintenance of the components of the oil temperature sensor and oil control valve comprising the variable valve timing apparatus .
a method for controlling an internal-combustion engine comprises steps of : determining a current value of a driving torque requested to the internal-combustion engine and a first time derivative of the current value of the driving torque ; comparing the current value of the driving torque and first time derivative with first and second threshold values , respectively ; determining a â€œsport drivingâ€ condition only if the current value of the driving torque is higher than the first threshold value and the first time derivative is higher than the second threshold value ; and controlling the internal-combustion engine as a function of the â€œsport drivingâ€ condition .
a motor includes inner-peripheral and outer-peripheral rotors which rotate coaxially and have permanent magnets along a circumference of each rotor ; and a phase varying device for relatively rotating the rotors so as to vary a relative phase therebetween . the device has a forward-angle working chamber for relatively rotating the inner-peripheral rotor forward with respect to the outer-peripheral rotor , by using pressure of supplied working fluid ; a backward-angle working chamber for relatively rotating the inner-peripheral rotor backward with respect to the outer-peripheral rotor , by using pressure of supplied working fluid ; a passage switching valve for performing distribution with respect to supply and drainage of the working fluid between the working chambers in accordance with the position of a spur ; and an electromagnetic pressure control valve for controlling pressure of the working fluid , and for controlling the position of the spur in the passage switching valve based on the controlled pressure .
a system includes a heat recovery steam generator ( hrsg ) having a plurality of evaporator sections . at least one evaporator section includes a forced circulation evaporator configured to generate a saturated steam , a once-through evaporator configured to generate a first superheated steam , and a first superheater configured to receive the saturated steam and the first superheated steam .
a multi-speed transmission includes an input shaft , an output shaft , and a planetary gear arrangement having three planetary gear sets . the input shaft and output shaft are continuously connected with members of the planetary gear sets . six torque-transmitting mechanisms selectively connect specific members of the planetary gear sets with other members of the planetary gear sets , or with the transmission housing . fluid for applying two of the torque-transmitting mechanisms is carried through a shaft which is connected to a sun gear of the first planetary gear set . the six torque-transmitting mechanisms are engaged in combinations of three to establish seven forward speed ratios and a reverse speed ratio between the input shaft and the output shaft .
a gas-turbine burner having a plurality of main swirl generators which each have an inlet flow opening formed by the main swirl generator edge is provided . in order to achieve a uniform flow of combustion air through the main swirl generator , the gas-turbine burner has an inlet-flow guide means with a flow guide surface which runs from one of the inlet-flow openings to an adjacent inlet-flow opening , to which the main swirl generator edges which form the inlet-flow openings are connected , and the flow guide surface widens from there radially upwards . the main swirl generators are central-symmetrically arranged around a pilot burner and the flow guide surface runs radially outside the main swirl generators .
a fuel injection pump for internal combustion engines is described , which for controlling fuel quantity is provided with control unit that controls an electric final control element , which in turn actuates the regulating member that determines the fuel injection quantity per pump piston supply stroke . the supply of fuel to the pump work chamber is effected from a fuel supply chamber , which is kept at a controlled pressure by a fuel feed pump . to limit the maximum speed of the engine supplied by the fuel injection pump in the event of failure of the control unit , a valve is provided in the intake line of the fuel feed pump . using this valve , the flow cross section of the intake line can be varied or closed . by means of the modification of the fuel pressure in the fuel supply chamber effected thereby , a control of the fuel injection quantity that is not dependent on the position of the quantity-determining member is attained .
a system and method for detecting , identifying , and fixing the location of the source of an acoustic event . the inventive system includes : a plurality of sensors dispersed at somewhat regular intervals throughout a monitored area ; a communication network adapted to deliver information from the sensors to a host processor ; and a process within the host processor for determining , from the absolute times of arrival of an event at two or more sensors , a position of the source of the event . acoustic events are detected and analyzed at each sensor so that the sensor transmits over the network : an identifier for the sensor ; an identifier for the type of event ; and a precise absolute time of arrival of the event at the sensor . in a preferred embodiment , the system also identifies the type of weapon firing a gunshot .
an injection head introduces h.sub.2 and o.sub.2 into one end of an elongate combustion chamber . at the same time , water is injected into the chamber through peripheral ducts to form a water curtain , or through inlets in the injection head , or through apertures facing away from the injection head in water-cooled tubing extending in a plane perpendicular to the chamber axis .
an imaging method and associated system for producing high-resolution images . the method includes illuminating an object or scene with coherent radiation such as beams from a laser and then , collecting scattered light with a plurality of subapertures rather than a single large aperture . the method continues with coherently detecting , such as with heterodyne detection , the scattered light to measure the complex amplitude incident on each subaperture and digitally reconstructing images from the coherently detected light for the subapertures . then digital co-phasing is performed on the subapertures using an image sharpness or quality metric to form an image having the resolution of the total subaperture area . the method may also include determining an aimpoint in the formed image , calculating a phase screen , directing laser beams through the subapertures towards the aimpoint , and co-phasing the laser beams by applying the phase screen to form a single beam .
a fluid-conveying apparatus conveys fluid using a channel for the fluid to flow . the apparatus includes a pressure-generating device for generating pressure for conveying the fluid , a plurality of processing areas for processing the fluid , a valve which is disposed between the processing areas and controls the fluid flow , and a pressure-relieving device for relieving the pressure in the channel .
the present disclosure describes methods and systems for measuring crosswind speed by optical measurement of laser scintillation . one method includes projecting radiation into a medium , receiving , over time , with a photodetector receiver , a plurality of scintillation patterns of scattered radiation , comparing cumulative a radiation intensity for each received scintillation pattern of the received plurality of scintillation patterns , and measuring a cumulative weighted average cross-movement within the medium using the compared cumulative radiation intensities .
a simplified oven door lock reduces the number of components subjected to fatigue from repeated tensile movement . the oven door lock includes a mounting plate , an actuator having an output shaft and the actuator being coupled to the mounting plate , a cam having a mounting hub at its center and an offset hub displaced from the mounting hub , the mounting hub of the cam being coupled to the output shaft actuator so the actuator rotates the cam with respect to the mounting plate , a lock pin extending upwardly at a first position from the mounting plate , an unlock pin extending upwardly at a second position from the mounting plate , a latch mounted to the offset hub of the cam so the latch extends between the lock pin and the unlock pin so that opposing sides of the latch plate slide against the lock pin and the unlock pin as the latch moves in response to the actuator rotating the cam .
a tolerance ring can include a generally cylindrical body that can include a side wall . the sidewall can define a top and a bottom . further , the sidewall can include a plurality of wave structures that can extend from the sidewall , a plurality of unformed sections , and a gap that can extend along the entire length of the body . each unformed section can be located between a pair of adjacent wave structures . further , the gap can establish a split in the body . the tolerance ring can also include at least one hole intersecting at least one of the wave structures to establish a perforated wave structure .
a multi-purpose armored vehicle is configured for a wide range of purposes by military and police units and in both defensive and offensive postures . a protective canopy covers an entrance to a cockpit capable of accommodating at least one person . the vehicle is sufficiently narrow to enable it to pass through conventional gates and also doorways to , and within buildings . a pair of armor-plated shields are pivotally engaged , and selectively positionable , with the sides of the vehicle , allowing shelter to personnel traveling alongside the vehicle . an extensible boom may be fitted with a wide range of hardware including weapons and communications equipment for dealing with situations involving criminals , terrorists , etc . the shields , boom movement and extension , and hardware are all controllable from the cockpit .
a fuel injector for use with an internal combustion engine . the fuel injector comprises a valve group subassembly and a coil group subassembly . the valve group subassembly includes a tube assembly having a longitudinal axis that extends between a first end and a second end ; a seat that is secured at the second end of the tube assembly and that defines an opening ; an armature assembly that is disposed within the tube assembly ; a member that biases the armature assembly toward the seat ; an adjusting tube that is disposed in the tube assembly and that engages the member for adjusting a biasing force of the member ; a filter that is disposed within the tube ; and a first attachment portion . the coil group subassembly includes a solenoid coil that is operable to displace the armature assembly with respect to the seat ; and a second attachment portion that is fixedly connected to the first attachment portion .
a method and an apparatus for suppressing muzzle blast and/or muzzle crack in a weapon . an apparatus for reducing muzzle blast upon discharge of one or more projectiles from a gun includes an outer shell and a first end cap adapted to be secured to a muzzle of a weapon and including provisions for detachably coupling to a first end of the outer shell . the apparatus further includes a second end cap adapted to be secured to a distal end of the outer shell and a plurality of baffles disposed between the first end cap and the second end cap . the plurality of baffles each comprise a bore section having an inner diameter no smaller than a bore of the muzzle and a baffle section coupled to the bore section , the baffle section extending from the bore section to the outer shell .
brake wear in a vehicle ( 11 , 11a ) may be reduced by an interlock ( 23 , 23a ) which blocks delivery of power to the wheels ( 13 , 13a ) or the like if an attempt is made to initiate powered travel while the parking brake ( 19 , 19a ) remains engaged . rather than neutralizing the vehicle transmission ( 16 , 16a ) , the interlock ( 23 , 23a ) responds to an engaged parking brake ( 19 , 19a ) accompanied by drive transmitting conditions in the clutch ( 18 , 18a ) and transmission ( 16 , 16a ) by suppressing power output at the engine ( 12 , 12a ) . in one form the system overrides the operator 's controls to limit fuel input to the engine ( 12 ) so that stalling occurs if start-up is attempted with the brake ( 19 ) engaged while in another form the system directly shuts down the engine ( 12a ) under such conditions . start-up of the vehicle ( 11 , 11a ) on a slope or under load is facilitated as the engine ( 12 , 12a ) may be accelerated while the transmission ( 16 , 16a ) is in gear and the brake ( 19 , 19a ) is still engaged . use of the parking brake ( 19 , 19a ) for emergency stopping is facilitated as the retarding action of the engine ( 12 , 12a ) remains available to supplement such use of the parking brake ( 19 , 19a ) .
a water absorbent device for a fuel tank that has a permeable housing through which a liquid passes . within the permeable housing is a permeable container through which liquid passes . water absorbing material is contained within paper bags that are disposed within the permeable container for absorbing water within the fuel tank . the permeable container is removably disposed in the housing . at least one end of the housing is an open end , which is closed by a cap for retaining the removable container within the housing . the cap is removed to enable the container to be removed from the housing for replacement . a chain is attached to the housing for placing the housing into the fuel tank and for removing the housing from the fuel tank .
a method of repairing a turbine blade and the blade repaired thereby . the blade comprises a platform that has become bowed as a result of high temperature creep , with the result that the platform has a concave surface and an oppositely-disposed convex surface . the method generally comprises welding the concave surface to build up a weldment on the concave surface , cooling the weldment during which the weldment shrinks , the convex surface becomes flatter , and the concave surface beneath the weldment becomes flatter , and then removing a surface portion of the weldment so as to create a substantially flat weldment surface overlying the substantially straightened concave surface .
a torpedo is provided in a static test fixture where the engine , normally iven by the combustion of otto fuel is driven from a land based source of superheated steam . the torpedo 's otto fuel engine is operated on steam and the need for a combustor and other fuel related components is eliminated . such components are replaced by a steam line and a steam adapter . the torpedo 's fuel tank is replaced with an extender section where the steam supply is connected and fed to the steam adapter . the need for storing combustible fuel and oxidizer agents on site is eliminated . the usual support and safety equipment required for handling of otto fuel and explosive devices are also eliminated .
a lateral channel compressor having an annular flywheel housing ( 1 ) with air inlet stub ( 3 ) and air outlet stub ( 4 ) . attachments such as mufflers , filters , or safety valves are connected to stubs . a compact design and a lower manufacturing cost is achieved when the attachments are made in the form of a kit preferably having equal-length elements ( i , ii , iii , iv ) connectable directly to one another in the axial direction . the elements preferably have tubular main housings ( 11 , 12 ) flush with one another . the filter and safety valve attachments ( ii , iii , iv ) each have a housing stub ( 13 ) projecting laterally from main housing ( 12 ) for mounting of filter elements and valve components .
the invention is directed to a method and an arrangement for enriching the oxygen content in the intake air of an internal combustion engine . to enrich the oxygen content , air is conducted through a membrane which is primarily permeable for oxygen molecules . this membrane is mounted in an enrichment channel which opens into the intake channel of the engine . the oxygen content in the intake channel is continuously detected by at least one sensor device . on the one hand , a reduction of the toxic emissions of the engine is provided while , on the other hand , an increase in the power of the engine is simultaneously provided . this is achieved with a drivable actuator device which changes the concentration of the inducted air as well as the oxygen-enriched air in dependence upon the detected oxygen content .
a solar energy concentrating collector has a concave parabolic reflective member supported on a plurality of shaped support assemblages , which are parabolically shaped on the top and extend transversely in a direction perpendicular to the axis of the collector . each assemblage has a vertical planar support and also a flexible member . the flexible member has a top for supporting the reflective member and an appendage affixed to the top and extending away therefrom into operative engagement with the vertical planar support . the top of the flexible member can be moved against a template having a parabolically shaped bottom surface . the space between the top of the flexible member and the top edge of the planar support is bridged by the vertical downwardly extending appendages which are fastened to the support after the top has been properly positioned . the flexible member thus provides a correct concave upper surface having a parabolic shape that matches the accuracy of the template .
a crossed groove stroking constant velocity universal joint including inner and outer joint members having inner and outer ball grooves defining a plurality of crossed pairs and a plurality of spherical bearing balls seated in respective ones of the crossed pairs of inner and outer ball grooves with predetermined running clearance between the grooves and the bearing balls . the bearing balls are confined by the crossed pairs of ball grooves and by a ball cage between the inner and outer joint members to the homokinetic plane of the universal joint for constant velocity operation . each of the outer ball grooves is circumferentially offset relative to the inner ball groove paired therewith by about the running clearance . adjacent pairs of outer ball grooves are circumferentially offset in opposite directions relative to the inner ball grooves paired therewith . in a neutral mode of the universal joint corresponding to substantially zero torque transfer between the inner and outer joint members , the bearing balls only roll in the ball grooves to minimize stroke loads and consequent transfer of linear vibrations between the inner and outer joint members .
a linear unit ( 10 ) is provided with a cylinder ( 50 ) and a pressure-fluid actuated piston ( 52 ) . the piston ( 52 ) runs in a borehole ( 51 ) of the cylinder ( 50 ) . a slider ( 55 ) runs at the cylinder ( 50 ) . a band ( 53 ) connects the piston ( 52 ) to the slider ( 55 ) and leads via deflection structure ( 54a , 54b ) at the heads ( 11a , 11b ) of the cylinder ( 50 ) . valves ( 15a , 15b ) are screwed into the cylinder heads ( 11a , 11b ) for feeding a pressure fluid to and discharging a pressure fluid from the borehole on two sides of the piston ( 52 ) . the linear unit ( 10 ) provides an increased liberty of direction in a position-mounting of the linear cylinder heads ( 11a , 11b ) and of the linear unit with valves ( 15a , 15b ) as well as in the positioning of the connection terminal pieces . the linear unit ( 10 ) is flexible and is of modular construction and allows different types of device components to be flanged in the same position .
a ducted fan gas turbine engine is provided with a fan which is carried by a shaft . frangible fuse pins maintain the shaft carrying the fan coaxial with the engine longitudinal axis . in the event of severe fan damage , the fuse pins fracture and the fan shaft orbits about the engine longitudinal axis . a spoked resilient member is provided to exert a radially inward restoration force upon the fan shaft following such an event in order to reduce vibration .
a clutch assembly with an automatically adjusting mechanism includes a clutch cover , a pressure plate , an actuating lever , a rotating cam ring , a stationary cam ring , and an adjusting spring disposed between the rotating cam ring and the clutch cover . the clutch cover has an axis of rotation . the pressure plate is concentric with the axis of rotation and has an engagement surface disposed opposite the clutch cover . the actuating lever is disposed between the clutch cover and the pressure plate . the rotating cam ring assembly is also concentric with the axis of rotation and includes a plurality of discrete arcuate incline segments , as well as a spring engagement feature fixed relative to at least one of the arcuate incline segments . the stationary cam ring is also concentric with the axis of rotation and is rotatably fixed relative to the clutch cover . the stationary cam ring has a backside in engagement with one of the pressure plate and the actuating lever . the stationary cam ring has a plurality of arcuate incline segments which are in axial engagement with the discrete incline segments of the rotating cam ring . relative rotation between the rotating cam ring and the stationary cam ring in a first direction increases an effective thickness of the cover and the pressure plate . a torsional bias spring is disposed between the rotating cam ring and the clutch cover and biases the rotating cam ring relative to the stationary cam in a direction tending to increase the effective thickness of the pressure plate .
the present disclosure provides an apparatus for improving engine air flow including : a combination recess which is formed at an intake port of a cylinder head and is extended toward a combustion chamber along an air flow path at a position combined with an intake manifold ; a fixing body which is fit-inserted to and combined to the combination recess ; and a plate an end of which is combined to the fixing body on the flow path of the intake port and which guides the air flow flowing into the intake port .
an overbalance technique propagates a fracture in a formation to stimulate hydrocarbon production from a wellbore . a liquid column in the wellbore is driven into the formation by a gas generator to propagate the fracture . the gas generator can be compressed gas or propellant which is placed within the wellbore near or in the liquid column . preferably the gas generator is placed in the wellbore above the production zone . the gas generator can be conveyed via tubing , wireline , or coiled tubing . typically the liquid is brine , water or oil . the liquid can be a resin to consolidate a weak formation , sand and gel to prop a fracture , or acid to etch a fracture face . the overbalance technique has applications to cased and openhole wellbores . in cased wellbores , the technique can be performed as the casing is perforated or after the casing is perforated .
a process is provided for thoroughly destroying dilute gaseous waste materials produced in an industrial manufacturing process by blending the same with a hydrogen-containing enrichment fuel stream . the resulting blend includes a sufficient amount of hydrogen such that at least 80 % of the dilute gaseous waste material is converted to carbon dioxide and water vapor upon combustion at a flare .
a stabilized support which is both small and light-weight in construction , and which receives the equipment with which it is used upon an expanded support network which deploys ( positions ) the supported equipment in a manner which alters the position of its center of gravity so that the resulting unit can be effectively supported at its center of gravity by an interrupted handle which includes a major portion which can be engaged for overall support and transport of the unit , and a minor portion which includes a control surface which is accessible by the operator 's hand to achieve controlled orientation of the equipment support , separated by an appropriate device for providing mutual angular isolation between the two portions of the compound handle . the handle for the equipment support therefore provides all of the functions which are necessary for appropriate operation of the equipment which it supports , such as a portable video camera or the like .
an apparatus for controlling an internal combustion engine comprises a position sensor for detecting an operational position of an accelerator pedal operated by a driver , a microprocessor for generating a target throttle valve opening in accordance with a predetermined function in response to the operational position of the accelerator pedal , and a servo motor provided with a throttle valve opening sensor and a servo drive circuit for controlling the opening of the throttle valve of the engine to the target throttle valve opening . in the microprocessor , there is provided a compensation circuit for compensating , during the acceleration , for the target throttle valve opening in response to the operational positions of the accelerator pedal immediately before and after the acceleration and an engine operational parameter immediately before the acceleration .
a remote controlled system for shutting off a water supply and testing for leaks , having within a sealed housing a motorized ball valve device with an electronic controller , antenna , power supply , battery-charging device and an evacuation/injection port . the controller receives signals through the antenna from a wireless remote control device , when either of two buttons on the remote control device is pressed the controller receives the wireless rf signal and activates the motorized ball valve device which either stops or starts the water flow through the water line . the battery-charging device is connected to a source of alternating current by a power plug . if the system is installed below-ground an external battery charging device that operates by solar means is connected using matching quick connectors and positioned on the outside of the sealed housing .
a geothermal system with earth grounding component for providing electrical grounding is introduced . the geothermal system includes : a geothermal component configured to perform heat exchange ; wherein the geothermal component comprises at least one heat exchange tube configured to extend into an underground environment ; and an earth grounding component configured to provide earth grounding for electronic equipment ; wherein the earth grounding component includes at least one conductive rod coupled to and extended along the at least one heat exchange tube , and the at least one conductive rod is configured to electrically couple to a grounding interface of the electronic equipment .
a process for producing a nitrogen-enriched vapor product from a supply of a nitrogen-rich liquid uses a purifying device and a distillation column having a distillation zone . the process includes the steps of : feeding at least a portion of the supply of the nitrogen-rich liquid to the distillation zone at a first location ; feeding a stream of a gas containing nitrogen and at least one contaminant to the purifying device , wherein the gas is cooled by a cryogenic liquid whereby at least a portion of the at least one contaminant condenses , solidifies , or dissolves ; eventually feeding at least a portion of the cool gas from the purifying device to the distillation zone at a second location below the first location ; withdrawing a stream of the nitrogen-enriched vapor product from the distillation zone ; and withdrawing a stream of an oxygen-enriched liquid from the distillation zone .
a fastening plate for securing door-panel snap pins to an automobile 's body to fix the interior panel to the automobile door . the fastening plate includes an aperture for slideably receiving a snap pin and a resilient rest plate positioned under the aperture for pressing the head of the snap pin against the portion of the holding plate surrounding the aperture . the resultant fastening plate securedly holds the snap pin perpendicular while permitting the radial movement of the snap pin within the clearance between the neck of the snap pin and the aperture .
an annular oblique light illumination apparatus manufactured by using a flexible wiring substrate in which a plurality of arcuate zonal wiring patterns each in the form of a developed frustconical shape as a light emitting device arranging surface when cut along the pattern are serpiginously formed continuously to a base film of a predetermined shape , by setting and soldering light emitting devices to the arcuate zonal wiring patterns , cutting out the arcuate zonal wiring patterns to form light emitting device arrays and fixing the same to the arranging surface , whereby the wiring substrate can be supported reliably without using any special jig conforming the arcuate shape of the wiring patterns for mounting the light emitting devices , thereby improving the soldering operation efficiency , saving the troubles of exchange and handling of jigs and further , avoiding slackening or distortion of the wiring substrate even in a case of applying soldering by a flow soldering apparatus .
a system for selecting between automatic and manual control of a number of gear ratios of a semiautomatic transmission includes an internal combustion engine coupled to a semiautomatic transmission having a number of manually selectable gear ratios and a number of automatically selectable gear ratios wherein the engine and transmission are both subject to management and control thereof by a control computer . a memory unit includes a software algorithm for controlling shifting between the automatically selectable gear ratios and the control computer is operable to execute the software algorithm . a switch is provided , which is preferably a cruise control enable/disable switch , wherein the control computer is responsive to a cruise control disable position of the switch to inhibit execution of the software algorithm and thereby subject the automatically selectable gear ratios to manual control thereof . the control computer is also responsive to a cruise control enable position of the switch to allow execution of the software algorithm to thereby subject the automatically selectable gear ratios to automatic control thereof . in one embodiment , the software algorithm is only inhibited after it has been determined that the engine fueling rate is below a fueling rate threshold if one of the automatically selectable gear ratios is currently engaged . according to another aspect of the invention , a gear down protection algorithm is instituted whenever the software algorithm for controlling automatic gear selection is disabled .
a turbine engine assembly having a turbine core with a compressor section , a combustion section , a turbine section , and a nozzle section and a liquid natural gas ( lng ) fuel system having a lng reservoir , a vaporizer heat exchanger , a first liquid supply line operably coupling the lng reservoir to an input of the vaporizer heat exchanger , a gas supply line operably coupling an output of the vaporizer heat exchanger to the combustion section , a second liquid supply line operably coupling the lng reservoir to the gas supply line and a thermostatic expansion valve ( tev ) and a dual fuel aircraft control system .
grooves are formed on a back surface 22 of a tongue part 21 of a rear plate 3 which surface does not guide a flow of air .
a fuel burner control system that is fail safe and which controls three fuel burner functions is provided for . the system utilizes two different digital clock means that are separated in time from one another to ensure separate gating of the fuel burner output functions . the system further uses a negative power supply with respect to the circuit ground for control purposes while energizing the output switch means with a positive potential thereby eliminating inadvertent operation in the event of circuit component failures .
a storage tank having an inner vessel suspended within the outer vessel . one or more stiffening members support portions of the outer vessel . the use of the stiffening members limits deformation of the outer vessel due to the suspension of the inner vessel therein .
a fin apparatus is provided for controlling heat flux distributions in a ted body , such as a torpedo . the torpedo may have inner and outer spaced apart shells with a predetermined ratio of conducting and nonconducting fins affixed to the shells in the space therebetween . in a torpedo it is desirable to establish the ratio so that heat will be distributed from the outer skin of the torpedo shell to improve laminar stability in the boundary layer as the torpedo travels through the water .
automatic damper means having damper blades rotatably mounted in an adjustable housing , said blades being rotatable between open and closed positions by electrically energized motor means and attaching rotating means ; interchangeability of said rotating means connecting to damper blades provide for a variation in the rpm 's of said damper blades .
a heat dissipation device for an integrated circuit includes a heat-conducting base plate having a bottom surface which is adapted to contact the upper surface of the integrated circuit , and a corrugated porous heat dissipating plate made of a flexible heat conducting material and fixed on the upper surface of the base plate so as to transfer heat from the base plate to the heat dissipating plate for heat dissipation . the heat dissipating plate has a plurality of ventilation holes formed therethrough , which are located over the base plate so as to enhance currents of air in the spaces between the base plate and the heat dissipating plate . accordingly , the heat dissipating area in a unit of the space occupied by the heat dissipating plate is large enough to offer a quick and effective heat dissipation . preferably , the base plate is made of an insulating material so as to prevent electric conduction from the integrated circuit to the base plate in case that the insulating coating of the integrated circuit is broken .
an illuminating system is provided for objects such as christmas trees , decorations , works of art and ornaments . electrically operated , light-emitting elements are hung on or fastened to or within these objects . the light-emitting elements include an electrical oscillatory circuit which can include , for example , inductive and capacitive elements . an energy source powers the elements with direct connection by way of electromagnetic waves or infrared light . the energy source can take the form of , for example , a high-frequency transmitter or an infrared radiation source .
a refrigerated display system for the in-store display of perishable items is disclosed . the display system comprises a reusable refrigeration unit and a knock-down insulated storage and display unit which may be disposable . the refrigeration unit comprises standard components for colling air , an outgoing and a return duct , and a fan for causing the cooled air to be circulated out the outgoing duct through the knock-down unit and back into the return duct . the insulated knock-down unit is separate from but cooperates with the refrigeration unit , and is arranged for storing perishable items on its inside and for displaying printed material associated with the perishable items on its outside walls . the knock-down unit includes insulated outer walls , a door through which the perishable items may be loaded and removed , a pair of duct openings corresponding to the ducts of the refrigeration unit , and an air plenum having extending ribs for forcing air to the insulated outer walls of the knock-down unit . the outer walls preferably include inwardly extending ribs for creating channels therebetween through which the air can flow . the knock-down unit may comprise walls and plenums of different sizes to permit different sized systems to be created using the same refrigeration unit .
a two-stage pump which includes a pair of reciprocating pump members operating in opposed pump chambers and a connecting rod connecting the pump members to cause the pump members to operate in unison . air under pressure is supplied to the chambers by a spool valve member which operates in a guide sleeve . the spool valve includes four outwardly extending portions defining a central pressure slot and a pair of exhaust slots . ports in the sleeve communicate with the pump chambers . the spool valve is moved by pressure in pressure chambers at opposite ends of the sleeve member . the sleeve is mounted in a bore , and metering air passageways are formed between the valve sleeve and the bore and connecting the pressure chambers with the exhaust slots .
a drive device for a transmission ( 4 ) , a main engine and a shifting clutch ( 3 ) . in order to reduce the phase of tractive force interruption during switching operations , the drive device has a shifting brake clutch ( 9 ) , located between the engine and the shifting clutch , such that during switching operations , intersecting disengaging and engaging processes of both clutches ( 3 or 9 ) , provide for support of the main engine torque in a gear output ( 5 ) .
the invention relates to a method and a control unit for operating a hydraulic injection valve , which comprises at least one piezoelectric actuator ( 2 ) , a displaceable component ( 3 ) and a hydraulic element ( 9 ) such as bearing or a transmission system . the use of a drive voltage ( u ) modifies the length of an actuator ( 2 ) , which makes it possible to control the stroke of the displaceable component ( a valve needle 3 ) . the inventive control unit ( 10 ) produces a polarizing voltage ( ub ) which pre-stresses the actuator ( 2 ) and whose polarization direction is opposite to the polarization direction of said actuator ( 2 ) . said invention makes it possible to obtain the greater modification of the length when the actuator ( 2 ) operates in the polarization direction than the drive voltage starts at 0 volts , as it was in practice before . said invention makes it possible to reduce energy consumption .
the supporting-bar arrangement serves for hanging , directly or indirectly , articles which are to be displayed in goods and services establishments . a fundamental constituent part is formed by a support bar which has , at the front , a plug-in end which can be plugged with arresting into an axial inlet opening in a plug-in sleeve or directly into an inlet opening in a supporting structure . the plug-in sleeve is fixed in a through-passage of the supporting structure . a hook contour is provided at the plug-in end , and the plugged-in support bar is arrested in different ways , a spring element is provided in the plug-in sleeve for latching the hook contour of the support bar when the support bar is plugged into the axial inlet opening . the support bar itself serves for hanging articles , or a goods carrier is secured on one or more support bars . the supporting-bar arrangement extends , in particular , the individual and high-quality design possibilities in the construction of shops and trade fairs .
a loop-type heat exchange device ( 10 ) includes an evaporator ( 20 ) , a vapor conduit ( 30 ) , a condenser ( 50 ) and a liquid conduit ( 70 ) . the evaporator contains therein a working fluid . the working fluid turns into vapor in the evaporator upon receiving heat from a heat-generating component . the condenser includes a housing member ( 52 ) , a plurality of tube members ( 53 ) being in fluid communication with the housing member , and a fin member ( 54 ) maintained in thermal contact with the tube members . the vapor conduit and the liquid conduit are each connected between the evaporator and the condenser . the vapor conduit conveys the vapor generated in the evaporator to the tube members of the condenser . the vapor turns into condensate in the tube members upon releasing the heat to the fin member . the condensate is conveyed back to the evaporator by the liquid conduit .
air is aspirated by cylinders of cylinder rows ( 11 , 12 ) via branch pipes ( 23,24 ) from two intake collectors ( 21,22 ) of a v type multi-cylinder internal combustion engine . an auxiliary chamber ( 31 , 32 ) is formed using the space between adjacent branch pipes ( 23,24 ) . a communication port ( 25 , 26 ) to the intake collector ( 21,22 ) of the auxiliary chamber ( 31,32 ) is formed between the openings ( 23a,24a ) to the intake collector ( 21,22 ) of two adjacent branch pipes ( 23,24 ) . since the effective volume of the intake collector ( 21,22 ) increases due to the auxiliary chamber ( 31,32 ) , residual resonance in the intake collector ( 21 , 22 ) decreases . the auxiliary chamber ( 31,32 ) increases an intake inertia effect by increasing the flow rate of the branch pipes ( 23,24 ) in the second half of the intake stroke relative to the flow rate in the first half of the intake stroke . engine volume efficiency is thereby improved using a limited space .
a ballistic helmet for use by bomb disposal personnel which includes a covering of soft ballistic nylon over a rigid polycarbonate shell . the shell is lined with semi-shock attenuating foam and is designed to cover the entire head . a transparent visor in the front of the helmet can easily be removed by the wearer and a blower assembly provides fresh air inside the helmet to eliminate fogging of the visor . the assembly incorporates an integral communication headset and microphone . stability of the complete unit on the wearer 's head is accomplished by a double-strap retention system .
a method for manufacturing a coated sheet that may form a coated layer having a uniform film thickness by a coating liquid even when a substrate has a large area . a method for manufacturing a coated sheet to form a coated layer by a process including a process ( 1 ) for coating a coating liquid including a resin material and a solvent on a substrate , and a drying process ( 2 ) for drying a coated liquid , wherein a value l obtained in drying process ( 2 ) satisfies a following relationship ; ( where : t : total period of drying process [ sec ] ; ïƒ : surface tension of coated liquid [ mn/m ] ; h : thickness of coated liquid [ m ] ; and î· : viscosity of coated liquid [ mpaâ·sec ] ) .
to permit constructing flexible belt-rack longitudinal-movement structures of substantial length , not subject to vibration , and inexpensively built , the rack ( 3 ) is cast integrally with a slab ( 2 ) of plastic concrete . a stiffening rib ( 33 ) can be provided in the slab , preferably at the side remote from the movable machine element ( 7 ) , and preferably formed with a through-bore to attach a tension rod therethrough , so that a plurality of such slabs can be longitudinally connected together . guide rails ( 5 ) are located at the sides of the slab , on which slide bearings ( 6 ) are located which , in turn , support a movable carriage , movable along the bed . the carriage carries the drive motor ( 17 ) which drives a gear belt ( 22 ) for engagement with the rack . preferably , a cover web ( 43 ) covers the rack and accessory rails ( 41 ) , for example for electrical energy supply and control signals , the web ( 43 ) being guided through the machine element structure and retained in position on the top surface of the slab by a flexible plastic strip ( 50 ) .
a heat exchanger and mounting structure therefor for use in connection with incinerators , for example , the heat exchanger formed of a ceramic wheel with a central core and an annular portion with gas passages extending axially therethrough . the ceramic wheel is mounted at the central core with a mounting means which comprises first and second wedge members in abutting relationship with opposite sides of the core . means bias the wedge members towards each other so that the core is resiliently held substantially under compression between the two wedge members to eliminate tension stresses on the ceramic wheel due to thermal expansion differences between the ceramic wheel and the mounting structure therefor . the mounting structure includes a first shaft secured to the first wedge member and a second shaft , tubular in shape and concentrically mounted on the first shaft , the second shaft being secured to the second wedge member . the shafts are supported on the cool side of the heat exchanger wheel by a pair of bearings . cooling air is circulated through the interior of both of the shafts and through the bearings to keep the mounting shafts and the bearings as cool as possible .
there is disclosed a sealing ring comprising an integral piece of resilient metal formed into three or more u-shaped annular convolutions and having outer legs which extend from the convoluted section in a direction essentially parallel to but leading slightly away from the convolutions . the outer legs have a sinuous configuration and terminate in convex portions which define a sealing line when the sealing ring is installed .
a hydraulic system includes a hydraulic fluid pump , a hydraulic cylinder , and a pressure accumulator . a hydraulic fluid valve is movable between a first position and a second position . in the first position , the valve directs fluid from the pump outlet to the hydraulic cylinder and from the accumulator to the pump inlet . in the second position the valve directs fluid from the pump outlet to the accumulator and from the hydraulic cylinder to the pump inlet . in this way pressurized hydraulic fluid from the cylinder can be stored in the accumulator for reuse . the pump includes high pressure seals at both ends of the driven shaft in order to reduce or eliminate offset forces of the type that might increase friction and wear .
a compact transmission device that alleviates shift shock and avoids engine stall at the time of deceleration . a discharge resistance changing unit changes discharge resistance of a clutch oil pressure on a side where a clutch is disconnected due to swapping of clutches in two stages . during a shift period where the clutch on a connection side is changed over from a disconnection state to a connection state , an invalid filling zone where a friction force is not generated on a clutch plate is provided . a control unit controls the discharge resistance changing unit at a time of the shift change such that the clutch on a disconnection side is brought into a state where a friction force is not generated after finishing a half clutch zone when the clutch on a connection side is in a half clutch zone after the invalid filling zone is finished .
a variable fuel injection system for internal combustion engines is disclosed . in the injection system , a first control unit controls electromotive force for the solenoid coil of a fuel injector , thus controlling the amount of fuel to be injected from the nozzle of the injector into the combustion chamber of an engine . a second control unit controls the amount of actuating oil for the first control unit in accordance with an engine load , thus allowing the first control unit to control the electromotive force for the solenoid coil according to the engine load . the system controllably feeds fuel into the combustion chamber of an engine according to an engine load , thus conserving fuel with the amount of harmful exhaust gas being reduced .
a self-lubricating liner includes poly ( p-phenylene-2 , 6-benzobisoxazole ) , polytetrafluoroethylene , and a resin . the self-lubricating liner has superior strength and temperature resistance , abrasion resistance , thermal conductivity , and low moisture regain .
an engine injection system for a combined injection of fuel and an auxiliary fluid into a combustion chamber of an internal combustion engine . a fuel injection pump is used for pumping both fuel and the auxiliary fluid at high pressure . the pump communicates with an injection nozzle and , via a magnet valve assembly , with a fluid metering device , which in turn communicates via a metering line with the injection nozzle . connecting the magnet valve assembly directly to the supply outlet of the fuel injection pump upstream of an equal-pressure valve , and providing a pressure generator in the metering device , given a suitable triggering of the magnet valve assembly , the remaining supply stroke of the pump piston of the fuel injection pump after the end of the fuel injection by the injection nozzle is utilized to generate the requisite metering pressure in the metering device to enable the auxiliary fluid that is to be metered to be stored in the injection nozzle .
a light-emitting package allowing light to enter a thin lightguide plate efficiently has a package substrate 11 , light-emitting elements 2 mounted on the package substrate , a transparent resin part 12 sealing the light-emitting elements on the package substrate , a cut portion 12a formed in the transparent resin part in parallel to the package substrate so as to be able to receive a side edge surface of a lightguide plate , and a reflecting layer 13 formed on the entire surface of the transparent resin part except the cut portion .
a liquefied gas kitchen lighter in which the actuating means of the valve of the gas reservoir comprises a straight tubular member coaxial with straight container tube . the latter contains the piezo-electric generator and part of a burner , there being formed a generally straight route for the gas flow from the reservoir to the burner . the actuating means at the same time actuates the generator and provide the necessary electrical connections .
a system for selecting shift schedules of a transmission of a vehicle configured to change gears according to two or more shift schedules includes a controller . the controller is configured to estimate mass of the vehicle based on a plurality of accelerations of the vehicle from a standstill , and estimate a road load of the vehicle based on the estimated mass . the controller is also configured to estimate a grade of terrain over which the vehicle is travelling based on the estimated mass of the vehicle . the controller is further configured to select between at least a first shift schedule and a second shift schedule based on at least one of the estimated mass of the vehicle , characteristics of the terrain over which the vehicle is travelling , the estimated grade of the terrain over which the vehicle is travelling , and functions capable of being performed by the vehicle .
a main passage communicated to a pump passage or a tank passage by switching operation of a spool valve is provided with an operation check valve permitting communication only to a cylinder . a puppet in the operation check valve is provided with an orifice communicating the main passage with a pilot chamber of the operation check valve . the pilot chamber is communicated with the main passage through an electromagnetic on/off valve . further , the pilot chamber in the operation check valve is communicated through a bypass passage with the main passage , and the bypass passage is provided with a manually operable opening/closing valve .
a device for supplying flow across a combustor includes an axial fluid injector configured to circumferentially surround at least a portion of the combustor . an inner annular passage extends through the axial fluid injector and provides fluid communication through the axial fluid injector and into a first annular passage that surrounds the combustor . an outer annular passage extends through the axial fluid injector radially outward from the inner annular passage and provides axial flow into the first annular passage . a method for supplying flow to a combustor includes flowing a first portion of a working fluid through a first axial flow path and flowing a second portion of the working fluid through a second axial flow path .
an improved method of forming inner and outer sections of a shroud with an airfoil extending between them includes forming the airfoil and shrouds in sections . an upper or convex section of an airfoil is formed with a radially inner section of the shroud while a concave or lower section of the airfoil is formed with a radially outer section of the shroud . a free end portion of the convex or upper airfoil section is inserted into an opening formed in the outer shroud section while a free end portion of the concave or lower airfoil section is inserted into an opening formed in the inner shroud section . the free end portions of the airfoil sections are then connected with the shroud sections to form a complete airfoil and a portion of the inner and outer shroud sections . although the convex or upper airfoil section is disclosed herein as being integrally formed with the inner shroud section and the concave or lower airfoil section is disclosed as being integrally formed with the outer shroud section , this relationship is a matter of choice and could be reversed if desired .
in the art of sailing vessels , various styled tracks retain an edge of a sail . a retained sail edge is prone to fouling by environmental conditions and becomes exceptionally difficult to remove . a disclosed foiling rabbit 100 or track conditioner , cleans , lubricates and otherwise services the sail void area of a track or other sail retention area . a cleaning wick 400 may have main body 430 attached to a thickened or rolled interior edge and outer surface 430 . an inner edge of the wick may be retained within a wick retaining cartridge 7 . a lubricant cartridge 1 may be attached to the wick retaining cartridge . the lubricant cartridge may define one or more reservoir bodies 2a which may contain a lubricant and cleaning fluid . by use of various direct and indirect channels , and controlled capillary action , lubricant flows from the lubricant cartridge to a workpiece removes debris and lubricates .
a ring serves as a retaining device for objects . a gate on the ring opens to receive objects that move on one specified axis of direction for entry and retainment . a gate on the ring opens to dispense a retained object that is moving on a separate specified axis from that on which it entered . depending on embodiment , entry and exit are provided through a single dual axis gate or by two respective gates . biasing mechanisms urge the gate ( s ) closed whereupon moving force of contact from an object to enter or exit overpowers the respective bias . absent overriding directional force , the ring remains closed , retaining an object within . a provision to mount the ring to an anchor which exceeds by inertia the gate biases is included .
a valve assembly providing a disconnectable coupling for a split system air conditioner including an indoor unit and an outdoor unit joined by connecting tubing to complete the sealed refrigerant system . the present valve is effective in providing a disconnect system between a unit and the connecting tubing . the valve is activated by an electric coil that is applied to the valve only during the disconnecting procedure .
a vehicle engine is coupled to a driving system that includes a torque converter and an automatic transmission . an ecu sets a target value of an opening degree of a throttle valve based on a depression degree of an acceleration pedal . the ecu changes the throttle opening degree at a predetermined gradual change speed such that the throttle opening degree reaches the set target value . the ecu limits the gradual change speed of the throttle opening degree for a predetermined period such that a changing speed of the engine speed is suppressed at a reverse time when a direction of torque transmitted between the driving system and the engine is reversed . as a result , shock produced when the direction of torque between the driving system and the engine is switched is suppressed .
a linear bearing capable of withstanding the load acting in all of downward , upward , and opposite lateral directions as it rolls along a guide rail of i-shaped cross section . included is a bearing body of inverted-u-shaped cross section having a pair of bearing races of recumbent-y-shaped cross section secured to its opposed inner surfaces . each bearing race has formed thereon a pair of ball raceways of arcuate cross section opposed to a like pair of ball raceways on the head of the guide rail . the bearing body and the bearing races define therebetween two pairs of ball return passageways of circular cross section extending parallel to the two pairs of ball raceways on the bearing races . fastened to the opposite ends of the bearing body and the bearing races , a pair of segmented end covers have formed therein hairpin grooves each intercommunicating one of the raceways on the bearing races and one adjacent return passageway in order to allow recirculation of a group of antifriction balls . a pair of cages extend along the respective pairs of raceways on the bearing races for rollably holding the antifriction balls thereon . the cages are slotted to permit the balls to partly project therethrough into rolling engagement with the raceways on the guide rail .
a sliding vane internal combustion engine that provides one or more expansion gas ducts directing pressurized gases from expansion volumes of the vane engine into an intake charge so as to increase the intake charge density . one or more intercoolers may be coupled to the expansion gas ducts to cool the pressurized gases flowing into the intake region . one or more bypass passages may also be provided to direct the pressurized gas flow around the corresponding intercooler . one or more flow control valves may be provided to control the rate of the pressurized gas flow into the intake region .
a compressed air cooling apparatus of a fuel cell system is provided that includes i ) a heat absorber installed at a first part of an air supplying system which supplies compressed air of a first compressed by an air compressor to a fuel cell stack , ii ) a heat radiator installed at a second part of a stack cooling system which cools a coolant circulating to the fuel cell stack , iii ) a heat pipe which connects the heat absorber and the heat radiator and is filled with the refrigerant therein , wherein the heat absorber is disposed at a lower position than the heat radiator for the refrigerant to flow from the heat radiator to the heat absorber .
the present disclosure relates to a control circuit for a variable displacement pump in a vehicle transmission , including : a regulator valve configured to regulate displacement control fluid to the variable displacement pump ; and a response limiter in communication with the regulator valve , configured to mitigate pressure oscillations in the control circuit .
methods of controlling a prime mover and a continuously variable transmission ( cvt ) are described . the cvt has a group of spherical power adjusters . each power adjuster has a tiltable axis of rotation . the methods may include optimizing a vehicle having a drive motor and a continuously variable transmission . the cvt has a plurality of spherical power adjusters , each power adjuster having a tiltable axis of rotation . the methods may include optimizing a drive system having a prime mover and a continuously variable transmission .
the hall generator integrated circuit in the transistor-controlled ignition system of an internal combustion engine and an integrated circuit board which carries the circuit elements for overvoltage protection , amplification , and the power output stage are mounted together in one building block . preferably , the conductive element and the permanent magnet of the hall generator are also integrated into the building block as is a pressure sensor . the output of the pressure sensor is directly applied to the circuits in the printed circuit board . the unit occupies little space and eliminates the need for external leads interconnecting the ignition coil and the output circuit .
an led chip package structure with high-efficiency light-emitting effect includes a substrate unit , a light-emitting unit , a package colloid unit , and a frame unit . the light-emitting unit has a plurality of led chips electrically arranged on the substrate unit . the package colloid unit has a longitudinal package colloid covering the led chips , and the longitudinal package colloid has a cambered colloid surface and a light-emitting colloid surface respectively formed on its top surface and a lateral surface thereof . the frame unit that is a frame layer covering the substrate unit and disposed around a lateral side of the longitudinal package colloid for exposing the light-emitting colloid surface of the longitudinal package colloid .
a light source arranged to be illuminated automatically upon failure of the normal electricity supply to a room , building or the like . the light source comprises a lamp housing containing a bulb , batteries and switch , and a base on which the lamp housing can be mounted . one part of an electromagnet including an energizing winding is mounted in the base and the other part is mounted in the torch housing such that when the housing is mounted on the base and an a.c. supply is made to the base , the two parts of the electromagnet are mutually attracted and the housing is held securely on the base . if the a.c. supply is interrupted the electromagnet is de-energized , allowing the housing to be removed from the base and , at the same time , the switch is operated to connect the batteries to supply current to the bulb .
a fixing arrangement with damping for fixing a device ( 1 ) to be protected from vibration , which device includes at least one mounting portion via which the device is fixed to a portion of a support ( 2 ) by fastening means ( 3 , 4 ) . the arrangement includes at least two piezoelectric elements ( 5 , 6 ) , each of which has its electrodes electrically shunted by an individual or shared impedance of determined structure . at least one of the elements ( 5 ) is used in bending and is interposed between a portion of the support and a mounting portion of the device to be protected . at least one of the elements ( 6 ) is used in compression and is interposed between one of the fastening means and either the support portion or the mounting portion .
an air-heating blower device for a passenger compartment of a motor vehicle comprising a body with at least one inlet opening at least one outlet opening an electrically driven axial fan rotatably mounted around its axis within the body . the fan is associated to an electric motor ( m ) with toroidal geometry , having an annular rotor which is rotatable within an annular stator and defining a central opening inside thereof , said fan ( f ) having one or more blades ( b ) which are carried by the rotor and each blade extending into said central opening towards a free end of the blade which terminates at a distance from the central axis of the fan , and in that the annular body of the rotor and/or the annular body of the stator define a guide tube for the airflow activated by the fan ( f ) over the resistive electric heater ( h ) .
an air deflector is disclosed with adjustable brackets for suspending the deflecting shield at variable distances from an air vent positioned within a dropped ceiling . the suspension brackets include a hook for resilient flexible securement with respect to the inverted t-shaped support members of the dropped ceiling as well as a rod having a number of cross members positioned thereon extendable through slots defined in the air deflector for maintaining that deflector at variable distances from the vent defined in the dropped ceiling thereabove . a vane member is included which may be engageable with respect to another similarly configured vane member such as to be angularly oriented with respect to the upper surface of the deflecting shield to guide air outwardly therefrom away from wall or corner areas as desired . for this purpose grooves may be defined in the upper surface of the deflecting shield .
a fire is inerted , extinguished and suppressed , by a dual stage fire extinguisher . in a first stage , a sufficient volume percentage of an inerting agent is delivered to extinguish the fire . once the fire is extinguished , in the second stage , a different amount of inerting agent is delivered to the fire to suppress it and prevent re-ignition . since suppression typically requires less of the inerting agent than extinguishing , a reduction in the weight of the inerting media is achieved with the dual stage process making the system particularly amenable to aircraft applications such as in an engine nacelle or cargo dry bay .
the electropyrotechnic igniter ( 1 ) comprises a body divided into a downstream chamber and an upstream chamber by a discoid metal piece ( 8 ) , the downstream chamber containing a resistive heating element ( 11 ) , a pyrotechnic initiating composition ( 12 ) and a pyrotechnic ignition composition ( 7 ) , and the upstream chamber containing a rectangular electronic card ( 17 ) extended by three external metal pins ( 29 to 31 ) , on which electronic card conducting tracks are provided . two metal connection pins ( 13 , 14 ) pass through the discoid metal piece ( 8 ) and connect the said conducting tracks to the resistive heating element ( 11 ) . a means of intercommunicating and of triggering a train of specific electric pulses as well as a means of storing electrical energy are connected to the conducting tracks . this igniter is more especially intended to be used in motor-vehicle safety , especially for constituting the device for igniting a gas generator associated with an airbag .
a manhole cover gasket seal to seal a manhole cover in the opening of a manhole frame , the seal including a flat circular ring , an annular flange secured to the inner diameter of the ring and having a diameter substantially equal to the diameter in the opening of the manhole frame and a bead formed around the top of the ring and projecting slightly above the ring , the ring , flange and bead being formed as an integral unit of a resilient elastomeric material .
a method for the automatic control of absorption refrigeration plant or a heat pump , by control of the supply of refrigerant to the evaporator of the plant as dependent on the temperature and the pressure of the vapor issuing from the evaporator in such a way that there is a slight degree of overheating of the vapor . at the same time the boiler power is varied in accordance with the temperature of the refrigerant vapor emerging from the boiler . the cooling for the expelled refrigerant vapor is provided by the rich solution from an absorber in a dephlegmatizer having two stages and the solution cooling circuit includes an intermediate cooler for enhancing the rectifying process when marginal conditions are unfavorable .
a building panel structure is disclosed , in which building panels are used to form a structure . roof panels and roof panel tiles are disclosed , which can be used to form the roof of the structure . the roof panels and the building panels include a core and a coating covering a portion of the core . in some embodiments the core consists of a frame and at least one insulating structural block . the insulating structural blocks can be encapsulated polystyrene ( eps ) foam blocks . in some embodiments the coating includes ceramic material . in some embodiments the coating includes a first layer and a second layer . in some embodiments the coating is used to retrofit existing wall structures . the roof panel and the roof tile can be shaped , formed , and colored to look like traditional roof tiles such as shake roof tiles or spanish roof tiles .
a fastening element assembly includes a fastening element having a head and an axially extending shank , a ring-shaped elastic member laterally enclosing at least an axial part of the shank , and a washer located on the shank between the elastic member and the head . the elastic member can be in contact with the surface of the shank or spaced radially outwardly from it . when using the assembly to attach an object to a support material , an opening or hole is formed in the object with the opening having a diameter approximately the same size as the outside diameter of the elastic member . the fastening element assembly is driven through the opening in the object into the support material so that the elastic member seats in the opening and spaces the shank from the object . any transverse forces acting on the object are damped by the elastic member before they reach the shank .
a method for operating a piston-type internal-combustion engine having electromagnetic valve trains for actuating the cylinder valves , which respectively have an armature that can move back and forth between two electromagnets , counter to the force of restoring springs , with the valves being completely variably actuated by an electronic engine timing control unit . the functioning of the electromagnetic valve trains of each cylinder is detected in the engine timing control unit during operation , and when a functional failure of an electromagnetic valve train is detected at a cylinder , the electromagnet of the failed electromagnetic valve train is acted upon with a capturing current , which brings the armature into an end position at an electromagnet , and from this end position , the electromagnetic valve train is actuated for the ongoing work cycle of the cylinder .
a sliding valve unit is adapted to be mounted on the exit panel of a range hood in front of an exit duct . the valve unit is made of a pair of flat plates facing each other . the pair of plates have a perforation therethrough and a sliding slice therebetween for obstructing the perforation . a handle connected to the slice extends between the plates and outwardly for manually moving the slice . the valve unit is provided with means for being fixed flatwise against said duct .
the present invention is a clip for securing the nipple of a fuel filter within a fuel line connector assembly housing provided on a fuel line in order to secure the fuel filter to the fuel line . the clip is provided with a horizontally oriented connecting segment having two ends . each end of the connecting segment is provided with a leg that extends downward therefrom . the legs are spaced apart from each other so as to be insertable through openings provided in the connector assembly housing . each of the legs is provided with a flipper , with the flipper of one leg being offset from the flipper of the other leg with respect to a horizontal center line of the nipple when the nipple is installed in the connector assembly housing . the flippers are oriented toward the opposing legs so that as the nipple is inserted into the connector assembly housing , the nipple is forced between the flippers and the legs , causing the legs to rotate and squeeze the nipple . the legs are of triangular or other suitable cross-sectional shape in order to lock the nipple from backing out of the connector assembly housing once it is installed .
there is disclosed a monofuel combustion process for burning pulverized coal . according to this combustion process , pulverized coal having a temperature ( t ) produces a stable flame having a temperature of not less than 2,000.degree . c. when it is burned with an auxiliary combustion gas having an oxygen content ( c ) . an auxiliary combustion gas is preheated , and then pulverized coal is burned with the preheated auxiliary combustion gas , or , after both an auxiliary combustion gas and pulverized coal are preheated , the gas and the coal are mixed and then burned . in the gas preheating step , the temperature of the auxiliary combustion gas is raised to the temperature t defined by the following formula : t.gtoreq.exp { 14.14-1.84 ln c-exp ( 0.01127t-3.444 ) } .
a system for feeding a cable into a pipeline or other conduit comprises a rotating turret and a local cable feeding mechanism for drawing the cable off of the turret reel and loading it thereon . a remote cable feeding mechanism for inserting the cable into or withdrawing it from the pipeline is attached to a launch saddle secured to the pipeline , and its feeding rate is synchronized with that of the local cable feeding mechanism . where the cable acts as an umbilical cable carrying fluids and electrical power to a tool inside the pipeline , the fluid and power supplies may be located on the floor of the reel , connected to an operator station by an electrical cable which winds onto and off of the turret shaft and is kept taut by a spring-biased tensioning arm . a flexible fibreglass rod extends through the cable to prevent coiling or bunching up within the pipeline while permitting the cable to traverse bends and corners .
a back-up ring is disclosed wherein the ring is a knitted mesh section substantially surrounded by an outer coating covering substantially all of the knitted wire mesh section , the coating having contact with the outer and inner surface of an annulus .
a metallic cylindrical mandrel is covered with short cylindrical fiber shells and is used for high temperature applications . the shells are fabricated of aluminum silicate fibers with a binder and are independent of each other to permit relative movement between the shells and the cylinder due to thermal expansion and bending .
a fastener assembly securely fastens a decorative panel in spaced relation to a support backing . the fastener assembly includes a base member adapted to be operatively mounted to the decorative panel , a carrier member , and a fastening medium supported by the carrier member and adapted to operatively interconnect the carrier member to the support backing . at least one biasing member is adapted to operatively support the carrier member and provide swiveling articulation of the carrier member relative to the base member . at least one leg extends from the base member and is adapted to operatively engage the carrier member so as to attach the carrier member to the base member in articulating fashion .
a system for light-based vehicle-device communication includes a computer programmed to generate a first light pattern based on a received identifier , actuate a vehicle light according to the first light pattern , and then identify , from received image data , a second light pattern emitted from outside of the vehicle . the system may further include a mobile computing device programmed to generate the second light pattern based on a received vehicle identifier , and actuate a mobile device light according to the second light pattern . the mobile computing device may be programmed to identify , from received image data , the first light pattern .
a hydrostatically operated continuously variable transmission for use with an engine includes a swash-plate-type axial-piston hydraulic pump and a swash-plate-type axial-piston hydraulic motor which are interconnected by a closed hydraulic circuit . the pump and motor cylinders of the pump and the motor are disposed coaxially with each other and integrally coupled to each other into a cylinder block . an input shaft connected to an engine is coupled centrally to the cylinder block , and a output tubular shaft connected to a load is relatively rotatably disposed on an outer periphery of the cylinder block . the pump swash plate of the pump is supported by a stationary machine frame . the motor swash plate of the motor is supported by the output tubular shaft .
a multi-purpose solar energy collector is disclosed . the collector is a flat plate type of collector that is designed to heat either air or water , or both , and is portable so that it can readily be moved from one place to another . in the air heating mode , the collector is ideally suited for drying grain . after the grain drying season , the collector can be converted to the liquid heating mode to heat agricultural process water or domestic water , for example . in the combined air-liquid heating mode , the collector can be used to provide both heated air and heated liquid .
a thermal management system has a high temperature heat transfer circuit and a low temperature heat transfer circuit for modulating the temperature of heat-generating components having different operating temperatures . the heat transfer circuits are in flow communication and are interdependent so that a single circulating pump can be used to pump a liquid heat transfer medium through both circuits . one of the heat transfer circuits comprises a continuous loop and the other heat transfer circuit comprises an open loop having a first end and a second end at which it is in flow communication with the first heat transfer circuit . each heat transfer circuit is provided with a heat exchanger to modulate temperature of the heat transfer medium .
a new generation elastomeric biopolymer produced by yeast belonging to the family saccharomycetaceae , and an isolated yeast belonging to the genus williopsis that produces and secretes the biopolymer .
an oil pressure control system for an automatic transmission for controlling the oil pressure of a frictional engagement element by a regulator valve for outputting an oil pressure according to a signal pressure inputted . the oil pressure control system comprises : a first solenoid valve for outputting a signal pressure varying with an electric signal ; and a second solenoid valve having a coil of a higher resistance than that of the first solenoid valve and for applying , when activated , a signal pressure in the same direction as the signal pressure of the first solenoid valve to the regulator valve . as a result , it is possible to accurately control the oil pressure at the transient time of a speed change of the frictional engagement element of the automatic transmission and to prevent the controlling solenoid valves from being damaged .
an appliance including an electrically-powered system , a primary power input , and an auxiliary power input is provided . the electrically-powered system is disposed within a housing . the primary power input is configured to supply electrical energy to the electrically-powered system . however , the housing generally hampers access to the primary power input after installation of the appliance . therefore , the auxiliary power input , which is also configured to supply electrical energy to the electrically-powered system , is readily accessible relative to the primary power input after installation of the appliance .
a valve unit for an aircraft is provided . the valve unit includes valve assembly ; and a servo controller coupled to the valve assembly and configured to control operation of the valve assembly . at least a portion of at least one of the valve assembly or servo controller is formed by a high temperature aluminum alloy .
heat engine piston and combustion chamber construction enclosing a gas combustion zone , comprising : a piston body having a crown facing said gas combustion zone ; combustion chamber surfaces cooperating with said piston to complete enclosure of said zone ; and a thermal diffusivity coating on said crown and combustion chamber surfaces having an effective thickness to operate as a thermal diode to restrict heat transfer to said piston body and combustion chamber and to restrict heat transfer to said combustible charge prior to combustion . a method of thermally managing heat generated by an internal combustion engine , the engine having combustion chamber walls for combusting a gaseous mixture of air and fuel , a cooling jacket for cooling said walls , and a piston moveable along a portion of said walls , comprising : increasing the compression ratio of the engine to induce engine-knock for an uncoated chamber ; coating at least the crown of the piston of said combustion chamber walls with a low thermal diffusivity layer that functions as a heat diode to restrict heat transfer in both directions normal to the coating ; operating said engine with said coating chamber wall and increased compression ratio , whereby fresh intake of combustible mixture to said combustion chamber will be drawn thereinto at a lower temperature and volumetric efficiency with less heat from said combustion being wasted to said cooling jacket .
an attenuator for reducing exhaust noise in engines is provided which includes an exhaust pipe having a flared outlet and a frustoconically shaped attenuator member mounted therein . in an alternate embodiment , vents are provided to increase efficiency . in a further alternate embodiment , the exhaust pipe is combined with a muffler .
a drive axle assembly for an all-wheel drive vehicle includes an adaptively controlled first hydraulic coupling for providing front-to-rear torque transfer control to a first wheel and an adaptively controlled second hydraulic coupling for providing front-to-rear torque control to a second wheel . the drive axle assembly is contained with a common housing and communicates with a traction control system to actively control actuation of the first and second hydraulic couplings based on the operating characteristics of the vehicle as detected by suitable sensors .
a method of controlling a motor vehicle having a turbocharged engine is disclosed in which deactivation of cylinders of the engine is controlled to prevent the rotational speed of a turbocharger of the engine falling below a predefined limit ta , tb . following commencement of a coast down of the motor vehicle all cylinders of the engine are first deactivated so as to maximise energy recuperation from the motor vehicle by a belt integrated starter generator driveably connected to the engine . however , if the speed of the turbocharger reaches one of the speed limits ta , tb at least one cylinder of the engine is reactivated to keep the turbocharger spinning .
a shaft seal apparatus that exhibits a good and reliable sealing performance , even when a rotating shaft undergoes axial vibration , eccentric revolution , or the like . this shaft seal apparatus has gland packings ( 2 ) stuffed in a sealed space ( 10 ) formed between a rotating shaft ( 9 ) and a stuffing box ( 1 ) , with gland packings ( 2 ) pressed between a first packing gland ( 3 ) on a sealed liquid region side ( 7 ) and a second packing gland ( 4 ) on an atmospheric region side ( 8 ) . the first packing gland ( 3 ) is fixed to a rotary equipment body ( 6 ) and the second packing gland ( 4 ) is to the stuffing box ( 1 ) . a screw bolt ( 15 ) extending in the axial direction of the rotating shaft ( 9 ) is anchored to the first packing gland ( 3 ) . the stuffing box ( 1 ) is provided with a through hole ( 16 ) larger than the screw bolt ( 15 ) in the flange ( 1a ) . the screw bolt ( 15 ) running through the through hole ( 16 ) has a tightening nut ( 17 ) thereon at a place which is out of and backward of the hole ( 16 ) . a compression coil spring ( 18 ) is mounted on screw bolt ( 15 ) between flange ( 1a ) and tightening nut ( 17 ) .
a gas spring which provides two stages of resistance to axial movement , by a first head and rod slidably disposed within a second rod with a head , with both of the heads subjected to pressurized gas in a common chamber within the cylinder . preferably , a seal for each provides sealing engagement when the force of pressurized gas acts upon the seal . hence , the seal provides sealing engagement without being axially compressed and radially expanded . the seal may be used in single stage and two stage gas springs . desirably , a positive stop for each rod is provided , preferably as a part of the housing for its bearings and seal . preferably , the seal is a flexible annular sealing element which when viewed in cross section is generally a c-shape , with arms constructed and arranged so that the free edges of the seal are biased into sealing engagement by pressurized gas acting on the arms .
methods and systems for ordering blades in a rotatable machine is provided . the method includes receiving at least one geometric parameter measurement of each blade in a row of blades , determining a root sum squared value of a difference of a selected one of the received geometric parameter measurements between adjacent blades in the row of blades , determining a vector sum of a selected other one of the received geometric parameter measurements , determining a moment weight vector sum of each blade to be positioned on the rotor , and determining , using a computer , a sequence map of each blade using the root sum squared value of the difference of the geometric parameter measurement between adjacent blades in the row of blades , the vector sum of a selected other one of the received geometric parameter measurements , and the moment weight vector sum .
a general-purpose engine fuel tank fuel vapor treatment system includes : a canister mounted on a peripheral part of a fuel filler opening of a fuel tank mounted on a general-purpose engine , the canister housing a fuel adsorbent for adsorbing fuel vapor generated in the interior of the fuel tank ; and an air vent provided in a tank cap fitted into the filler opening of the fuel tank . the air vent has an inner end opening in the interior of the fuel tank , and an outer end opening to the atmosphere . the canister is connected to the air vent . the interior of the fuel tank is made open to the atmosphere via the canister and the air vent . thus , need for special piping is eliminated and fuel vapor within the fuel tank is treated while always stably maintaining the interior of the fuel tank at atmospheric pressure .
a guide link for use in a power transmission chain having a plurality of other links . the other links have a pair of spaced apertures and have a thickness and a hardness . the guide link has a pair of spaced apertures surrounded by a pair of upward extending toes . the toes have an outside flank and an inside flank with the inside flanks joined by a rounded crotch . the root of the crotch depends below the uppermost portion of the apertures . the thickness and hardness of the guide link is different from the other links so that the guide link has a yield load that is less than the yield load of the other links .
a combustion device for meeting the energy demand of processes for producing light olefins ( ethylene and propene ) in fluidized-bed catalytic cracking units . the combustion device is used to burn heating oil and to keep burning the coke deposited on the catalyst , with a view to heating it to meet the energy demand of the reaction , combustion taking place smoothly and uniformly , preventing the formation of hotspots within the catalytic bed and in the dilute phase following combustion ( afterburning ) , thereby minimizing deactivation of the catalyst and the risk of damage to the equipment inside of the combustion device .
a disc turbine inlet collects working fluid , introduces it into the rotor housing at a defined location and imparted at a defined injection angle with respect to the tangential motion of the discs in rotary motion . an injection angle within the optimum range delineated by this invention enables the working fluid to entrain stationary or slowly rotating discs into motion . the inlet design combines smooth sectional transitions and arcuate directional changes to minimize frictional losses . the inlet has a nozzle section which locates precisely into a receiving aperture of the turbine rotor housing .
an apparatus for cooking or smoking and a fuel combustor therefor . in the cooking or smoking apparatus and method , combustion products produced by the combustor , by a gas burner , or by other means are preferably delivered upwardly through an upwardly extending inner flow gap which at least partially surrounds a cooking or smoking chamber . the combustion products are preferably then delivered downwardly through the cooking or smoking chamber and then upwardly through an upwardly extending outer flow gap which is outside of the inner flow gap and which also at least partially surrounds the cooking or smoking chamber .
a valve system has a main body including a valve element that controls flow of fluid between a plurality of ports and an operation unit capable of being detachably attached to the main body . the main body includes : a driving element that is operated from the outside by a magnetic force and directly or indirectly drives the valve element ; and a first housing that houses the valve element and the driving element and is watertight in a state where pipes are connected to the plurality of ports . the operation unit includes : an operation element that generates a magnetic field that operates the driving element ; and a second housing that houses the operation element , when attached to the first housing , the operation element and the driving element being in a facing state via part of a wall of the first housing and part of a wall of the second housing .
a hand operable scope ring system ( 10 ) for mounting a scope ( 12 ) on the barrel ( 14 ) of a firearm such as a rifle or pistol having a rib ( 916 ) with portions having a dovetailed cross-sectional outline and spaced-apart cuts opening on the upper surface of the rib ( 16 ) . the scope ring system ( 10 ) includes a front ring member ( 24 ) and a rear ring member ( 24 ' ) . each ring member has a ring ( 26 ) which releasably engages a scope ( 12 ) . a mount ( 32 ) is provided which is mounted on the rib ( 16 ) of the barrel ( 14 ) . the mount ( 32 ) has an alignment stud ( 50 ) which is received by a registering cut ( 22 ) in the rib . this mount defines a cross-sectional portion which receives the dovetailed portion of the barrel rib ( 16 ) and includes a threadably advanced securement member ( 40 ) which is moved into engagement with the barrel rib ( 16 ) for securing the mount in a zeroed position thereon . this position can be determined by the attitude of the lever arms ( 42 ) which are operatively associated with each securement member .
in a gas flow regulating valve , the needle ( 37 ) axially shifted by a rod ( 40 ) includes a recess ( 70 ) which is of variable depth and cooperates with an expanding sealing element ( 43 ) . the valve is provided with a safety closure means comprising a valve member ( 33 ) which has a spring ( 35 ) and whose displacements are controlled by a free connection tube ( 30 ) .
there is disclosed a motor mount apparatus for coupling a pump body of a fluid pump assembly to a rotational power source ( e.g . motor ) . the apparatus provides a plurality of seals and retaining seal members within a motor mount assembly to cooperate to seal the interior of the apparatus and prevent contaminants such as grit to enter into the interior of the motor mount assembly and subsequently into either the pump body or the power source . the retaining seal member comprises a seal and is fittedly engaged within the motor mount assembly surrounding a shaft coupler . disposed between the shaft coupler and the shaft is a second seal for cooperating with the seal of the retaining seal member to block external contaminants from entering past the retaining seal member into the housing while containing lubricants on the interior facing side of the retaining seal member .
a protection device for protecting a control mechanism of inlet guide-vanes of a turbojet engine includes a narrowed section on a connecting rod . the connecting rod is for transmitting the movement of a spindle of a piston of the control mechanism or actuator to a control ring that directs all of the inlet guide-vanes . the narrowed section of the connecting rod is a frangible part .
an air conditioning system includes a compressor , a first heat source-side heat exchanger for heating or cooling a refrigerant , a second heat source-side heat exchanger for exchanging heat between the refrigerant and a heat delivery medium , a first utilization-side heat exchanger for performing indoor cooling by using the refrigerant cooled in the first heat source-side heat exchanger , a second utilization-side heat exchanger for performing indoor heating by using the heat delivery medium subjected to heat exchange in the second heat source-side heat exchanger , and a connection mechanism . the connection mechanism can switch between a first connection state in which refrigerant is circulated sequentially through the compressor , the first heat source-side heat exchanger , the first utilization-side heat exchanger and the compressor ; and a second connection state in which the refrigerant is circulated sequentially through the compressor , the second heat source-side heat exchanger , the first heat source-side heat exchanger , and the compressor .
clutch and brake apparatus that is operable by a compressible fluid , particularly pneumatically , includes input and output shafts mounted in a common housing that has a clutch chamber . a clutch plate and a clutch flange are mounted in the clutch chamber with the flange being fixed to the input shaft and the clutch plate dividing the clutch chamber into two operating chambers that are adapted to be at different fluid pressures . a friction lining is fixed to at least one of the clutch plate and clutch flange for engaging the other . a clutch plate is mounted to be axially displacable relative to the output shaft in every load condition while at least one torque plate is fixed to rotate with the output shaft and a peripheral portion of the clutch plate . the torque plate is subjected to the same fluid pressure on both sides . the apparatus is able to operated with a large pressure differences across the clutch plate without danger of damaging the clutch plate .
a speed reducer construction for use with a drive motor which has a drive motor housing and a drive motor shaft which extends out of the housing comprises a reducer housing which is adapted to be coupled to the drive motor housing and encloses a portion of the motor drive shaft . the motor drive shaft is advantageously journalled in the reducer housing and it carries a worm made of a nylatron material which is rotatable therewith . an output shaft extends transversely to the drive shaft and is journalled in the reducer housing and it carries a sleeve which is keyed thereto for rotation therewith . a gear is freely rotatable on the sleeve alongside a collar portion of the sleeve and is in meshing engagement with the worm . the drive of the motor through the worm to the gear and the output shaft is regulatable by a clutching device including a clutch spring which is biased against an end of the gear with a biasing force which is regulated by a torque adjusting wheel which is threaded on the sleeve . the arrangement permits some slippage between the drive gear and the drive shaft during overload . the worm shaft is adjustable relative to the gear by means of an adjusting knob which may be fitted into an opening in the reducer housing so as to become engaged with the motor drive shaft .
provided is an inverter-integrated electric compressor which has improved assembly properties and assembly precision , and improved productivity . in this inverter-integrated electric compressor , a p-n terminal is provided on the inverter device main substrate , and a power source-side cable can be connected to the p-n terminal by inserting a connector provided at one end ; by arranging and mounting multiple high-voltage electric components on the back of the main substrate in the area where the p-n terminal is arranged , a filter circuit is provided on the main substrate . the multiple high-voltage electric components are integrally coupled via fitting units provided on the housing cases of one another and are arranged in a prescribed position on the back of the main substrate with a positioning means provided on one of the housing cases .
a distribution valve of an in-floor pool cleaning system is provided . the distribution valve includes a housing having an inlet port and a plurality of outlet ports . a turbine within the housing rotates about a shaft in response to fluid flowing through the inlet port . the turbine is releasably coupled to a gear mechanism , and the gear mechanism is releasably coupled to a distribution valve disk , the disk having an aperture therein . as the turbine rotates , the gear mechanism also rotates and drives the rotation of the disk around the shaft . the rotation of the disk sequentially places the aperture over one of the plurality of outlet ports , thus allowing fluid to flow out of the outlet port over which the aperture is positioned , but restricting fluid flow into any of the outlet ports that are covered by the disk .
the invention relates to a quick-connect coupling for hydraulic fluid conduits . the inventive coupling consists of a male element and a female element comprising an outer tubular part and a mobile coupling part . in addition , joints are provided between the tubular parts and define chambers . according to the invention , during the coupling phase , one hydraulically-pressurised chamber can be communicated with an atmospheric pressure chamber , using at least one longitudinal groove or similar element which is disposed in the tubular coupling part or in the outer tubular part .
the present invention is directed to an led light fixture . the led light fixture comprises an interface for connecting the fixture to a source of electrical power , a power control section for supplying and controlling power to an led array producing a light of a suitable intensity and color for the task for which the fixture is to be used and a light diffuser for diffusing the light from the led array . the present invention is also directed to a novel power control for supplying and controlling power to an led array comprising a non switching linear design based on a monolithic approach of power control whereby the load ( the led array ) becomes part of the power control system .
a system and method for detecting wear and the beginning of the mechanism of belt failure . a sensor ( 5 ) detects when a self tracking drive belt ( 1 ) tracks off center due to the asymmetrical wear ( 3 ) of the belt ( 1 ) . the sensor ( 5 ) may be a simple mechanical or optical switch which is activated upon contact or a complex system which can detect the relative movement of the belt ( 1 ) when the belt ( 1 ) tracks to either side of the pulley ( 4 ) . an audible or electrical signal indicates that the belt ( 1 ) needs to be changed .
one of two heat exchangers to be joined is provided with pins which project to one side and the other heat exchanger is provided with openings assigned to these pins in such a manner that the pins can act as a hinge so that , after a defined swivelling , the two heat exchangers can be secured in the mounting position by means of snap brackets .
a power cutter including a tool unit , an internal combustion engine having an engine cylinder with cylinder bore having a center line and an exhaust port formed in the engine cylinder , a crankshaft , crankcase and an assembly for supplying air and fuel to the engine , and a muffler accommodated in a close and side by side relationship with the engine cylinder , the muffler includes an exhaust gas inlet and an exhaust gas outlet , such that the exhaust gas inlet is adapted to receive the exhaust gases from an exhaust port of the engine cylinder , wherein the exhaust gas inlet is provided on the top or bottom or local side of the muffler .
a valve gear mechanism for an internal combustion engine includes a camshaft in a separate cylinder head for controlling the stroke of a gas shuttle valve by means of an interposed rocker arm , which is mounted in the cylinder head of a piston that performs a lifting motion of a hydraulic valve-play compensation element . the aim of the invention is to achieve a play-free surface liaison of mechanical origin between the actuating elements of the gas shuttle valve . to achieve this , the piston of the hydraulic compensation element has a device that acts on an instrument for mechanically actuating a lifting stroke in order to achieve a play-free surface liaison of the contract surfaces of the rocker arm and an additional valve gear element , while the valve-play compensation element is maintained hydraulically without pressure .
a safety booster for a perforation gun assembly which includes a cup having at least one opening and a secondary explosive disposed within the cup . the booster also includes a cover for the opening to contain the secondary explosive inside the cup .
a method for heating powder material comprising the steps of allowing hot gas from a plurality of hot gas sources separate from each other to flow separately through a plurality of hot gas passages which include a plurality of dust collectors and ducts for connection between said dust collectors , separately charging raw material to be heated through the each duct leading to the dust collector located in the uppermost part of said respective hot gas passages , then uniting the charged powder material , then alternately wandering the united powder material from one hot gas passage to the other hot gas passage , thereby the united powder material is heated by heat exchanging with the respective hot gas streams , and finally discharging the heated powder material through the duct located below the lowermost dust collector . an apparatus is provided for carrying out the aforesaid method comprising a plurality of hot gas passages through which hot gas streams coming from a plurality of hot gas sources separate from each other flow , said hot gas passages consisting of dust collectors and ducts for connection between said dust collectors , raw material ducts for connection of the dust collector disposed in one of the hot gas passages to the duct disposed in the other one , and raw material feeders arranged for the respective hot gas passages .
a method for controlling flow rates of outdoor air supplied to a room and room air discharged to an outside of the room in ventilation . the method of the present invention includes the steps of supplying outdoor air drawn through an air supply duct to a room at a first flow rate , and discharging room air drawn through an air discharge duct to an outside of the room at a second flow rate higher than the first flow rate . the first and second flow rates vary with rotation speeds of fans respectively mounted on an air supply duct and an air discharge duct .
a system and method for metered dosage illumination in a bioanalysis or other system . in accordance with an embodiment , an illumination system or subsystem is described that can provide optimized amounts of excitation light within the short exposure times necessary to measure fast biological activity . the amount of light can be precisely measured to provide quantitative results . the light flux can also be precisely controlled to generate only a prescribed minimum amount of light , in order to reduce adverse lighting effects on both fluors and samples . although the examples herein illustrate the providing of metered dosage illumination in the context of a bioanalysis system , the techniques can be similarly used to provide metered dosage illumination in the context of other types of system . in accordance with various embodiments , the technique is particularly useful in any quality-control , analysis , or assessment-based environment . typical research and development applications can include quality control , instrument calibration , and light output standardization ; while clinical and diagnostics applications can include clinical monitoring , bioassay calibration and control for diagnostics , treatment and or therapeutic evaluation .
in the dme fuel supply device for a diesel engine , the time necessary to retrieve dme fuel remaining in the injection system after stopping the diesel engine into the fuel tank can be reduced . in a non-injection state , a three-way valve ( 71 ) is controlled to be off to form a communication passage in the direction indicated by the arrow b and a two-way valve ( 72 ) is controlled to be on . dme fuel delivered from a feed pump ( 5 ) is delivered to an aspirator ( 7 ) , passed from an inlet ( 7a ) to the outlet ( 7b ) thereof and returned to a fuel tank ( 4 ) . that is , the dme fuel circulates via the aspirator . a vapor-phase pressure delivery pipe switching solenoid valve ( 75 ) is controlled to be on and opened so that flow can pass through a vapor-phase pressure delivery pipe ( 73 ) connecting the vapor-phase ( 4a ) in the fuel tank ( 4 ) and the inlet of the fuel gallery ( 11 ) . dme fuel in a liquid state remaining in the fuel gallery ( 11 ) , an overflow fuel pipes ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) is delivered under pressure to a suction port ( 7c ) by the high pressure of the vapor-phase ( 4a ) .
an ecu outputs an ignition signal si to an ignition apparatus through an ignition communication line . the ignition apparatus performs the closing operation of an ignition switching element , in a period during which the ignition signal si is input . the ecu outputs a discharge waveform control signal sc to a waveform control communication line , at a timing that is delayed by a predetermined delay time relative to an output timing of the ignition signal si . in an input period of the discharge waveform control signal sc after the stop of the input of the ignition signal si , the ignition apparatus controls the electric current to flow through a primary coil , to a discharge current command value that is decided depending on the above delay time , by the opening-closing operation of a control switching element .
a turbomachine comprising a diffuserâ€”distributor assembly comprising a downstream end-piece connected at its downstream end to means for injecting air for ventilating a turbine and delimiting with the impeller of a centrifugal compressor an annular cavity for the circulation of ventilation air taken from the outlet of the compressor , this turbomachine comprising means for taking air from the injection means and means for guiding this air to the radially internal portion of the downstream face of the impeller .
the invention concerns a tension roller made of a plastic material for adjusting a tension in a belt drive , comprising a wheel ( 7 ) having an inner ring ( 9 ) and an outer ring ( 10 ) connected to each other by axially oriented , circumferentially spaced ribs ( 12 ) and by a central web ( 8 ) , the wheel ( 7 ) being rotatably mounted on a support element ( 2 ) which bears by a running face against the belt ( 3 ) . according to the invention , successive ribs ( 12 ) enclose different angles with reference to a central point of the wheel .
an axial flow fan is disclosed . the axial flow fan comprises a hub , a plurality of blades extending radially outwardly from the hub , and an outer band surrounding peripheral ends of the blades . the median sweep angle of each blade increases gradually from 0.degree . along the outward radial direction . the leading sweep angle of each blade starts from an angle of less than 0.degree. , increases gradually and terminates at an angle of more than 40.degree.. the trailing sweep angle of each blade increases along the outward radial direction after it decreases from an angle of more than 0.degree . along the outward radial direction . the chord length of each blade gradually increases along the outward radial direction . the pitch angle of each blade gradually decreases along the outward radial direction .
the present invention relates to an active electromagnetic bearing comprising first and second sets of electromagnet coils , the two sets of coils being so placed on one armature that on each double-pole part of armature are wound one coil of the first set and one coil of the second set and that the successive coils of the first set are all wound in the same direction whereas the coils of the second set which duplicate the coils of the first set are alternately wound in the same direction and in opposite directions with respect to the corresponding coils of the first set , a detector for sensing the position of the movable member and a control circuit being associated with each set of coils , and switch-over means being provided for connecting either set of coils with the corresponding control circuit in response to a control signal .
a lighter includes an igniting device received in a housing , a casing engaged with the igniting device , and a button engaged on the casing and having a catch for engaging into a lock opening of the housing . the button is guided to move up and down relative to the casing and moves toward and away from the igniting device together with the casing . a spring may bias the catch to engage into the lock opening of the housing and to lock the button to the housing . the igniting device may be actuated by the button when the catch is disengaged from the lock opening of the housing .
in a method , in which a plain bearing alloy layer is bonded to a surface of a backing steel sheet , and , a bi-based overlay layer is then deposited on the plain bearing alloy layer by electroplating , replacement of bi with the backing steel sheet and deposition of bi on the backing steel sheet are prevented . prior to the step of electroplating of the bi-based overlay layer , the following metals and the like are formed on at least the back surface of the backing steel sheet . an electrochemically more noble metal than bi , an electrochemically more base metal than bi and capable of forming a passivation state , or resin .
this invention disclosure pertains to a device which is used for cooling soda and food by means of a reusable two piece horizontally positioned iceblock pack which the parts thereof are molded to conform to the shape of a two liter soda bottle . the iceblock pack with bottle and a food holding tray are contained within a thickly insulated rectangular housing . a vented tap is screwed onto the bottle after being enclosed within the case to permit dispensing of the soda . the unit is supported into its tilted angled down position by means of an angular shaped leg apparatus which is also the carrying handle apparatus when rotated around to the top of the cooling unit and snapped onto the spring loaded buttons . the iceblock packs contained within the cooler are to be frozen within a freezing unit before usage .
a snowmobile having a liquid-cooled engine with an improved cooling system is disclosed . the snowmobile has a chassis with a drive tunnel . horizontal footrests extend laterally from opposite sides of the chassis . the snowmobile also has left and right elongate side coolers that dissipate heat generated by the engine . the side coolers have a hollow interior that is in fluid communication with liquid coolant passages in the engine . each cooler extends longitudinally and is mounted at an outer edge of a respective footrest to form a footwell . the snowmobile has a pump that circulates coolant throughout the coolant circuit formed by the side coolers and the internal passages of the engine . the side coolers may also contain heat exchanging anti-skid studs that extend outward from the surface of each side cooler . the snowmobile may also contain front and rear heat exchangers connected within the coolant circuit and positioned at the front and rear ends of the tunnel , respectively .
an outboard motor is provided with an intake device , in which a throttle body is connected to an upstream side of an intake manifold connected to an intake port formed in a cylinder head of an outboard motor engine and a silencer is connected to an upstream side of the throttle body . a noise reduction device is further disposed between a connecting portion of the throttle body and the silencer .
an air-cooled internal combustion engine includes a crankcase , a crankshaft disposed within the crankcase and extending externally thereof , and a cylinder extending from the crankcase and having a piston mounted for reciprocation therein and connected to the crankshaft . a cylinder head is connected to the cylinder and includes an overhead camshaft disposed therein , with the camshaft extending externally of the cylinder head . a drive pulley is mounted to the crankshaft externally of the crankcase , and a cam pulley is mounted to the camshaft externally of the cylinder head . a drive belt positively engages the drive pulley and the cam pulley for transmitting rotary motion therebetween . the cam pulley includes integral fan blades for directing air axially toward the cylinder head upon rotation of the cam pulley . the cylinder head includes an intake valve , an exhaust valve , and an air passageway extending therethrough substantially parallel to the camshaft . the air passage is located between the intake and exhaust valves and between the camshaft and the cylinder .
a discharge bulb comprising an arc tube body having such a structure that a shroud glass having metal oxide ( al2o3 , ceo2 ) added thereto is attached integrally to surround an arc tube sealing hg , nai , sci and xe gases . a total amount of addition of the metal oxide in the shroud glass is set to be 4000 ppm or more which is effective for fulfilling an electrostatic shielding function for an external electric field and less than 7000 ppm which can hold the excellent molding property of the shroud glass .
a pumped oil delivery system for delivering oil to moving parts of an aircraft jet engine includes a scoop delivery pump and an accumulator oil reservoir to maintain oil feed to the pump at all times . the system includes a first line to feed oil from the scoop pump to the oil reservoir , a second line to return oil from the oil reservoir to the scoop pump , and pressurized air for pressurizing the oil within the oil reservoir so as to maintain a continuous feed of oil to the pump . the system includes further lines for delivering oil from the scoop pump to the moving parts and for returning oil from the moving parts to the scoop pump . moving parts include a self scavenging gear box utilizing the centrifugal pumping action of its gears to return oil to the scoop pump , and self scavenging bearing chambers using centrifugal effects of their rotating parts also to return oil to the scoop pump .
a fabric 3 for power transmission belt to be adhered to a belt body 2 of a v-ribbed belt 1 is formed such that carbon fibers with electric conductivity are mixed through spinning into a fabric material such as cotton , nylon and polyester . this prevents the belt from producing a beating sound and producing worn-out dusts in the use as a power transmission belt and enhances the electric conductivity of the power transmission belt to successfully prevent electrostatic charge of the belt .
a protective system includes a garment configured to be worn by a user . the garment includes a padding layer having at least one layer of elastomeric material and at least one layer of high tensile strength fibrous material . the padding layer also includes a plurality of openings formed in a surface thereof . the system may further include one or more load bars . each of the load bars would extend along the surface of the padding layer between respective ones of the plurality of openings .
engine cylinder reactivation from a fuel-cut state is controlled based on a calculated future engine speed and a minimum allowable engine speed . the future engine speed is calculated based on the current rate of change of engine speed and a duration required to reactivate an engine cylinder . the duration can be in the time domain , or engine event domain , for example .
an improved unified cooling system for an internal combustion engine that generally includes a cylinder head and a cylinder block , in which the cylinder head and cylinder block are maintained at different operating temperatures despite using only a single coolant pump . the coolant pump pumps fresh coolant through the cylinder head and cylinder block . coolant valves , which may be thermostatic valves or electrically actuable proportional valves , lie downstream of the cylinder head and cylinder block and individually control the amount of coolant flowing through the cylinder head and cylinder block so as to maintain a lower operating temperature for the cylinder head than for the cylinder block . coolant is directed , in various configurations , through any or all of an oil cooler , a heat exchanger for a heater for a vehicle interior , and a coolant radiator , before being directed back to the coolant pump .
reduction of noise is achieved by devising an arrangement of heat generating parts such as a light valve element , an electric power source , a light source , etc . and an arrangement of cooling fans . in cooling the light source , the electric power source and liquid crystal panels , a cooling wind path for the liquid crystal panels and the electric power source is made separate from and independent of a cooling wind path for the light source that generates much heat , a cooling air volume is optimized for the respective cooling wind paths , and noise accompanying the rotation of the cooling fans is reduced . also , by arranging the cooling fans substantially centrally of the respective cooling wind paths , that volume of noise , which leaks from air intake ports and air exhaust port that are opened to a housing of a unit , is reduced .
the family of transmissions has a plurality of members that can be utilized in powertrains to provide at least five forward speed ratios and one reverse speed ratio . the transmission family members include three planetary gear sets , two clutches and two brakes . the powertrain includes an engine and torque converter that is continuously connected with at least one member of the third planetary gear set and an output member that is continuously connected with another member of the third planetary gear set . the two clutches and two brakes provide interconnections between various gear members , the transmission housing , and with the input and the output shaft , and are operated in combinations of two to establish at least five forward speed ratios and one reverse speed ratio .
an internal combustion engine of a lean burn type , wherein the air-fuel ratio is feedback controlled to a predetermined fixed value which is higher than a theoretical air-fuel ratio . the ignition timing is changed when the air-fuel ratio as detected by a lean sensor is off from the target air-fuel ratio , enabling quick control of the engine when the air-fuel ratio is off from the target air fuel ratio .
an exhaust-gas turbocharger which has a radial bearing with a simple design which can quickly and easily be mounted . a pin/rolling roller arrangement is provided as the radial bearing . the pin is in this case fixed on the vane bearing ring . the rolling roller is placed onto the pin and , in the mounted state , an inner wall region of the unison ring is supported on the rolling roller mounted rotatably on the pin .
a piezoactuator comprising a housing having a piston bore formed therein . the tip portion of a piston is slidably inserted into the cylinder bore and defines a variable volume chamber therein , and a piezoelectric element is supported between the piston and the housing . a hollow cylindrical resilient member is fitted onto the outer wall of the piston and inserted between the piston and the housing to apply a compression load to the piezoelectric element via the piston . the hollow cylindrical resilient member has a plurality of circumferentially extending slots arranged in a point of symmetry about the axis of the hollow cylindrical resilient member .
a diaphragm-type pneumatic brake actuator is provided with a closing valve that seals the air pressure line upstream from the diaphragm in response to diaphragm rupture . this isolates the actuator from the pressure line so that the line does not lose pressure and , thus , prevents a diaphragm rupture in one brake actuator from adversely affecting another brake actuator coupled to the same air pressure line .
a universal electronics system has a body adapted to be removably mounted at the muzzle end of the barrel of almost any paintball marker . a pair of spaced detector units signal the time it takes for a paintball to pass through a portion of the body . a muzzle velocity calculating device converts the detector signals to a muzzle velocity , which is displayed on a display screen . the universal electronics system may further comprise a ball counter , a player counter , a clock , a chronometer that records elapsed time , a timer for recording time remaining in a game , and a thermometer . all of the data can be displayed on the display screen .
a linkage guides a flexible cable between two structures . the linkage includes a proximal arm with a proximal pivot joint for coupling the proximal arm to a first one of the two structures ; and a distal arm which is coupled to the proximal arm by one or more intermediate pivot joints . the distal arm is shaped to follow a three-dimensional curve along a majority of its length . shaping the distal arm to form a three-dimensional curve along a majority of its length enables the distal arm to pass through a relatively small aperture as the linkage is adjusted between its retracted and extended positions . it also enables the proximal arm to move in a locus of movement which does not interfere with other system components . the linkage can be used to guide a flexible cable between any two structures , for instance a fixed aircraft wing and a slat .
a sliding bearing for an internal combustion engine ; the sliding bearing having a groove formed substantially circumferentially on an inner circumferential face of the sliding bearing ; the width of the groove being smaller than 0.6 mm , and the ratio of the width of the groove to depth of the groove being larger than 40 .
the present invention provides a high output radiant heater which uses a heat exchanger to obtain a variety of types of heat from a single power source . the heater is comprised of a housing ; a combustion chamber in the housing , the combustion chamber defining a central axis and having an intake end having an intake opening thereat and an exhaust end having a discharge opening thereat , the chamber defining a flow passage for products of combustion along the central axis ; a heat exchange chamber surrounding the intake end of the combustion chamber ; a heat exchanger disposed within the heat exchange chamber ; radiator means defining the exhaust end of the combustion chamber for radiating heat radially outwardly of the exhaust end of the combustion chamber , the radiator having a plurality of fluid flow passages disposed in planes containing the central axis , each of the passages having an inlet end communicating with the combustion chamber and an outlet end opening into the heat exchange chamber , whereby products of combustion enter the passage inlets and flow therealong and into the heat exchange chamber ; and reflector means surrounding the radiator means for reflecting axially outwardly of the housing heat radiated by the radiator means .
an electric or electronic system for igniting an internal combustion engine comprising generating electric pulses from a pulse generator at such a desired pulse rate as capable of producing a desired number of electric discharges per one explosion step in each of engine cylinders at the maximum rotational number of an engine crank shaft , stepping-up the voltage of the generated pulses to such a level as enabling electric discharges in a distributor and ignition plugs of the engine cylinders , distributing the thus stepped-up pulses from a feed arm to each of stationary electrodes of the distributor corresponding by the number to that of the cylinders and producing pulse discharges at the desired pulse rate from the ignition plug in each of the cylinders connected to each of the stationary electrodes at the optimum explosion timing to thereby ignite evaporated fuels in the cylinders . an advance control means for the angle of discharge to the stationary electrode adapted to radially displace the feed arm centrifugally due to the rotation of the crank shaft may , desirably , be incorporated to the engine ignition system .
a combined illumination and ventilation duct is disclosed . the present invention includes at least two optical pipes having air flown inside wherein light proceeds within the at least two optical pipes by being totally reflected and a connector connecting the at least two optical pipes together , the connector having a connecting nipple to be connected to a pipe . an upper part of the duct is embedded in a fake ceiling under a real ceiling and a lower part is exposed under the fake ceiling . alternatively , the whole combined illumination and ventilation duct is installed to be exposed under the fake ceiling . as air and light pass through the combined illumination and ventilation duct , the light is totally reflected within the optical pipes to illuminate an indoor space and the air is supplied or discharged to ventilate the indoor space .
a method for forming a silicon ingot includes the following steps : providing a silicon ingot of variable electrical resistivity and containing interstitial oxygen , determining the interstitial oxygen concentration in different areas of the silicon ingot , calculating the concentration of thermal donors to be created in the different areas to reach a target value of the electrical resistivity , and subjecting the different areas of the silicon ingot to annealing so as to form the thermal donors . the annealing temperature in each area is determined from the thermal donor and interstitial oxygen concentrations of the area and from a predefined annealing time .
a continuously variable transmission for vehicles , in which the power from a prime mover is divided by a power dividing mechanism and transmitted to a hydraulic continuously variable transmission ( hcvt ) apparatus and to a mechanical transmitting means for mechanical transmission of power , and the power from the hcvt apparatus and the mechanical transmitting means is collected and selectively outputted for satisfying both the maximum speed performance and the fuel consumption performance of the vehicle . a lock-up brake in the power dividing mechanism stops the rotation of the hydraulic pump of the hcvt so that the power from the input member may be mechanically transmitted to the mechanical transmitting means only via the power dividing mechanism to achieve a minimum gear ratio . a lock-up clutch directly connects the input member and the mechanical transmitting means so that the power from the input member may be directly and mechanically transmitted to the mechanical transmitting means to achieve a greater gear ratio than the minimum reduction ratio .
a moisture-proof device is provided to be used in a fan having a stator for isolating the stator from moisture . the moisture-proof device includes a first covering part for covering a circuit board of the stator of the motor , and a second covering part connected to the first covering part for covering a coil and a core of the stator of the motor , thereby isolating the stator of the motor from moisture , wherein the first covering part and the second covering part are integrally formed as a single piece , wherein the moisture-proof device is disposed in a hub of the fan .
the invention relates to a water flow control unit in mixing valves for hot and cold water comprising two overlapping ceramic disks ( 11,12 ) one of which is fixed and the other movable . the fixed disk ( 11 ) has two inlet holes ( 15,16 ) which are substantially of uniform width and are symmetrically cut , with respect to a water dividing partition ( b 19 ) , into one half of the same disk . the fixed disk ( 11 ) also has an elliptic shaped outlet hole where one part is placed between the two inlet holes or openings ( 15,16 ) and the other part extends into the other half of the fixed disk . the movable disk ( 12 ) has a mixing chamber defined by a circular part ( 18a ) off-center from the middle of the same disk and a communicating polygonal part ( 18b ) .
proposed is a luminaire , with a housing and a luminous means receptacle for fitting a luminous means in the housing , in which the luminous means receptacle is connected to the housing via a bearing means which is suitable for altering the position of the luminous means receptacle with respect to the housing , with the result that the luminous means can be replaced in a convenient manner . an advantageous method for changing a luminous means is also provided .
a an automatic transmission includes : a first planetary gear set including a first , second , and third rotation elements ; a second planetary gear set including a fourth , fifth , and sixth rotation elements ; a third planetary gear set including a seventh , eighth , and ninth rotation elements ; a fourth planetary gear set including a tenth , eleventh and twelfth rotation elements ; a first shaft interconnecting the first and fourth rotational elements , and selectively connected to the transmission housing ; a second shaft interconnecting the second and seven rotational elements , and connected with an input shaft ; a third shaft connected to the third rotational element , and selectively connected to the transmission housing ; a fourth shaft connected to the fifth rotational element ; a fifth shaft interconnecting the sixth and eleventh rotational elements , and selectively connected to the transmission housing ; and a sixth shaft interconnecting the eighth and twelfth rotational element , and connected to an output shaft .
a portable water container which incorporates a solar heating panel . one wall of the portable container consists of an outer transparent/translucent panel and an inner heat-absorbing panel which is spaced from the outer panel . the inner panel may be ribbed or otherwise formed to improve heat-exchange .
the invention is a security holster configured for use by left-handed users , with a release tab on the left side of the holster , a locking tab on the right side of the holster , which generally engages the ejection port of a gun , and a linkage between the release tab and the locking tab .
a sight and methods of operation thereof are provided . in some embodiments , an image is captured via an image capture unit , and a center position is calculated according to the positions of at least three impact points in the image , and a predefined view center of a display unit is set to the center position . in some embodiments , an angle of dip of the sight to a plane is detected via a dip angle detector . a predictive impact point is calculated according to the angle of dip and at least one calculation parameter , and an impact point indication is accordingly displayed in the display unit . when the angle of dip is changed , the predictive impact point is recalculated according to the new angle of dip , and the corresponding impact point indication is displayed .
a hand pump for pumping out fluid from a reservoir , comprising a pump body , a faucet , a driving mechanism and a sealing arrangement . the pump body has at a side a connector defining a receptacle radially extending into a cavity of the pump body . the driving mechanism includes an axle inserted in the receptacle of the connector , a sealing sleeve mounted around the axle , a coupling cap axially secured to the sealing sleeve , and a l-shaped handle . the handle having at one end inserted through the coupling cap and the axle , and at the other hand extending outside the coupling cap . operation of the handle in cyclically up and down motion drives the axle to rotate , which causes a piston in the cavity to move upward and downward so as to suck the fluid into the faucet . the sealing arrangement has at least three o-rings disposed among the parts of the driving mechanism to provide an effective seal between the driving mechanism and the pump body .
a two degree-of-freedom robot manipulator is constructed from two rotary drives of prior invention . each rotary drive consists of a relatively small diameter cylindrical driving member and a relatively larvae diameter cylindrical driven member coupled by a cable system . the driving member of rotary drive 2 is positioned with its axis of rotation coincident with the axis of rotation of the driven member of rotary drive 1 . the driven member of drive 2 is rotatably mounted to the driven member of drive 1 to realize the required relative positioning of the driving and driven members of drive 2 . the driving members of both rotary drives are mounted in a fixed reference frame . coordinated control of the driving members allows two axis dynamic control of a tool apparatus mounted to the second driven member . this construction method extends the precision of the rotary drive to two degrees of freedom and obviates the apparatus required in other methods to transmit torques from the fixed reference frame to the second driven member .
inner peripheral projections are provided on the inner peripheral surface of a wrap portion of an orbiting scroll member , and outer peripheral projections are provided on the outer peripheral surface of the wrap portion . the inner and outer peripheral projections each have an approximately triangular transverse sectional configuration defined by a narrow top of the projection and a pair of concavely arcuate surfaces extending with a wide overall width so that the projections can prevent stress concentration with the concavely arcuate surfaces to increase the mechanical strength and can be readily machined by using a tool , e.g . an end mill . when contacting the mating wrap portion , the narrow tops of the projections are readily crushed or worn . therefore , the tops of the projections can become fit to the wrap portion without strongly contacting it many times .
a coordinated lighting system capable of affixation to a wearable garment is provided . according to more particular aspects of the invention , the system includes : a controller and a plurality of light emitting diodes ( leds ) arranged as a chain , at least one of the plurality of leds operatively connected to the controller . the controller is configured to : determine at least one of ( a ) a quantity of the plurality of leds and ( b ) an arrangement of the plurality of leds ; and generate one or more lighting instructions based on the at least one of ( a ) the quantity of the plurality of leds and ( b ) the arrangement of the plurality of leds . a method for providing a coordinated lighting system is also provided .
a lockup control system for automatic transmissions is constructed to prohibit lockup interruption control during shifting when the cruising state of a motor vehicle is such that a difference between an engine speed before and after shifting is smaller than a set value .
in an engine comprising a primary engine unit 1 and an auxiliary engine unit 2 , water jackets 44 , 47 of the primary engine unit are connected to water jackets 46 , 48 of the auxiliary engine unit and to a radiator 43 in series , and bypasses 52 , 55 are connected to respective water jackets .
a pipe hanger for relatively large diameter plastic pipes is disclosed . the pipe hanger includes an elongated wire having two free ends and u-shaped midportion . the free ends of the wire are pointed so that they can be driven into a structural element , such as a joist . an elongated flexible and resilient strap is attached to the u-shaped midportion of the wire to support the pipe . a plurality of locking tabs protrude outwardly from one side of the strap and are dimensioned to resiliently , lockingly attach the strap to the wire .
a refrigerator having a carbonated water production module integrally provided with a carbon dioxide gas cylinder having carbon dioxide gas stored therein and a carbonated water tank to mix purified water with the carbon dioxide gas to produce carbonated water . the carbonated water production module is mounted to the rear surface of the door , and thus it may be cooled by cool air in the refrigeration compartment and be easy to access , and thereby repair and replacement thereof is facilitated . the dispenser includes a carbonated water discharge channel into which carbonated water from the carbonated water tank is discharged , and a purified water discharge channel into which purified water from the water tank is discharged . since the purified water discharge channel does not pass through the carbonated water tank , a user is allowed to selectively dispense purified water or carbonated water anytime .
an integrated motor pump unit for use as a hydraulic fluid pressure source at a remote location incorporates a pump rotor affixed in the center of a motor rotor . the motor/pump rotor assembly spins on a fixed shaft in a combination providing both radial journal and axial thrust bearings . the stationary shaft assembly incorporates a piston drive mechanism which is angled , relative to the shaft axis , so that reciprocal movement of the pistons is developed as they rotate about the axis . the fixed rotor shaft is axially adjustable to control the end clearance between the pistons and cam surfaces , and contains fluid flow galleries to the journal and thrust bearings . a magnetically permeable sleeve is mounted between the motor stator and rotor to seal the hydraulic fluid within the rotor space , thereby maintaining the stator windings and associated electronic circuitry in a dry environment . the combination functions as a servo pump under the control of an associated electronic motor controller unit and has the capability of providing variable flow directions and flow rates and pressures over a wide range for driving a hydraulic actuator or the like .
closing device for the slot through which passes the cocking lever of automatic weapons , the slot being provided in the casing of the latter , characterized by the fact that it is mainly made up of : a shaped flap provided with a cut-out portion at each of its ends ; two posts which are integral with the casing and pass through each of aforesaid cut-out portions ; and a spring hooked by its ends onto aforesaid posts and attached in its center to aforesaid flap , so as to press the latter against the casing and to stress it towards its closing position of the slot .
a reciprocating engine 1 includes an annular top ring 5 serving as a first piston ring disposed adjacent to a top surface ( head end surface ) 4 of a piston 3 defining a combustion chamber 2 ; an annular second ring 6 serving as a second piston ring disposed with the top ring 5 interposed between the annular second ring 6 and the top surface 4 ; an annular gas chamber 7 defined by the top ring 5 and the second ring 6 ; and a plurality of communicating passages 8 for allowing the annular gas chamber 7 and the combustion chamber 2 to communicate with each other . the top ring 5 and the second ring 6 are respectively inclined with respect to an x direction in which the piston 3 reciprocates , so as to be located further away from each other on a thrust side 9 than on an anti-thrust side 10 .
a system is provided for the coordination of at least one switchable vehicle function of a motor vehicle , at least one battery charge condition threshold value of the energy accumulator unit being assigned to the at least one vehicle function such that , when there is an exceeding of or falling below the battery charge condition threshold value , the assigned vehicle function can be activated . different battery charge condition threshold values can be assigned to the at least one vehicle function as a function of the operating condition of the drive unit , the temperature of the energy accumulator , the temperature outside the vehicle , and/or the age condition of the energy accumulator unit .
in accordance with the present invention , a method of determining acceptability of a selected condition in a space temperature conditioning system is comprised of the steps of perturbing the system while it is in operation by changing operation of at least one component thereof ; sensing a change in a first operating parameter of the system in response to the changing step and generating a control signal in response to the change in the first operating parameter being greater than a predetermined limit ; sensing a change in a second operating parameter of the system during a period beginning with the perturbing step and ending with the control signal ; comparing the change in the second operating parameter with a reference corresponding to an acceptable condition ; and determining acceptability of the selected condition in response to the comparing step . in a preferred embodiment , the method according to the present invention is used to determine acceptability of refrigerant charge level in a space temperature conditioning system .
a fastener and a method of fastening articles employing the fastener are provided . the fastener includes a fastener element adapted to be mated in an interlocking arrangement to a complementary fastener element . the fastener element has a plurality of mating cavities . the mating cavities include a mating surface which is adapted to interlockingly engage a mating element projecting from the complementary fastener element .
a system is disclosed which incorporates a projectile delivery launcher which may assume numerous forms and perform numerous functions , including launching a water rescue preservation device such as a life jacket , military supplies , survival supplies , fire extinguishing supplies , or the like . the device includes a unique barrel having a low friction chrome plated inner surface which provides maximum range deployment of a safety projectile . in one embodiment a unique clutch-type crank is mounted below the barrel and houses a thin stainless high strength steel ribbon to provide deployment of a projectile , and retrieval of a victim , supplies or the like . a co2 cartridge system , which incorporates a novel explosive chamber is also used . in another embodiment a compressed gas tank is connected to the launcher for selective release of the gas to deploy the projectile . a method and apparatus for rescuing a victim or for delivering supplies in emergency situations , or even establishing a line contact , is also disclosed .
a flexible , e.g . polyurethane , open cell foam sheet is impregnated with a controlled amount of a liquid polymerizable resin system which cures at ambient temperature , and the resin impregnated sheet is immediately chilled at a suitably reduced temperature , e.g . 40.degree . f. or below , to arrest polymerization or hardening . the resulting resin impregnated sheet is stored at such reduced temperature . when needed for adhesive bonding the chilled resin impregnated sheet , cut to the desired pattern or size , is applied between the surfaces of objects to be bonded , e.g . fiber reinforced polyurethane insulation blocks and plywood strips , or such insulation blocks and the steel hull of a liquid natural gas ( lng ) container or marine tanker . with or without the application of bonding pressure , as the temperature of the resin impregnated sheet rises to ambient temperature , curing of the resin in the sheet to the solid state takes place , and bonding of the adjacent surfaces of the objects occurs , substantially without extrusion of any excess resin from the sheet , the open cell foam sheet containing the cured resin forming an integral part of the resulting bondline .
a solar boosted heat pump for providing heating or cooling including a heat conducting plate which has an uninsulated rear surface and is exposed to the atmosphere and operates as a direct solar and ambient heat absorber when in its cooling mode . a refrigerant fluid carrying tube is provided in heat transfer relationship with the conducting plate which forms a part of a closed refrigerant flow system having a compressor and a heat exchanger in heat exchange relationship with a heat transfer medium . the plate also includes a sensor for varying the speed and/or the displacement of the compressor dependent on the light incident onto or energy on the plate .
a method is shown for operating an internal combustion engine having a combustion chamber with a piston , the internal combustion engine capable of injecting fuel into the combustion chamber multiple times during a cycle , the method comprising : performing a first fuel injection after approximately âˆ’25 crank angle degrees after top dead center and before approximately 15 crank angle degrees after top dead center ; and performing a second fuel injection at least 5 degrees after the start of the first fuel injection and less than approximately 25 crank angle degrees after the start of the first fuel injection .
a hydraulic control apparatus for automatic transmissions , capable of adapting the apparatus to a change in the specifications for a lockup clutch which causes the relationship between the supplying and discharging of a hydraulic pressure for a lockup control operation to be reversed with respect to the connection of oil passages . a valve body of the hydraulic control apparatus is formed by laminating at least two members on each other , and has a valve for regulating a hydraulic pressure supplied to a lockup clutch of a hydraulic transmission unit , a control unit for applying a signal pressure to the pressure regulating valve , a source pressure oil passage for supplying a basic pressure for a pressure regulating operation , and drain oil passage communicated with a drain port . the pressure regulating passage is provided at both sides of a port , which communicates with a lockup oil chamber via an oil passage , with a port communicating with an oil passage , and a port communicating with another oil passage . the openings of the oil passages provided in one member of the valve body are provided so as to overlap respectively both the openings of the source oil passage and drain oil passage provided in the other member thereof . the communication relationship between the two oil passages and the source pressure oil passage and drain oil passage is changed by the communication ports and closing portions of a separator plate inserted between the two members of the valve body .
according to the present invention , there is provided a t-joint for connecting a branch pipe which comprises : a linear piping wall with a through hole , which is penetrated by and fitted with a main pipe , and a branch piping wall for connecting a branch pipe communicating with the piping wall perpendicularly thereto , wherein the piping wall with the through hole and the branch piping wall are integrally formed , annular grooves are arranged on a peripheral surface of the piping wall with the through hole on the right- and left-hand sides thereof adjacent to its opening and on a peripheral surface of the branch piping wall adjacent to its opening , respectively , and elastic o-rings are inserted into the respective annular grooves , while an engaging mechanism engaging with an outer peripheral surface of the branch pipe is arranged near an end portion of the peripheral surface of the opening in the branch piping wall , and a plurality of axial slits are arranged in the branch piping wall .
the invention is a channel shaped body having number of hooks on the back of the channel web for engaging the support rods for wire shelving and one or more platforms for supporting the ends of support rods for transverse wire shelving . the invention is adaptable to the number of support rods utilized by the shelving .
an alternating current light emitting device and the fabrication method includes forming one or more alternating current micro diode light emitting modules on a substrate , wherein the alternating current micro diode light emitting module has two micro diodes connected to one another , and each micro diode has at least two active layers and is electrically connected by a conductive structure , such that the active layers of each micro diode can take turns emitting light during the positive/negative half cycles of alternating current . a continuous and full-scale light emitting effect is thereby achieved .
this invention provides a sealed fastener that includes a housing and a nut assembly , the housing having a base and a receptacle extending beyond the base on one side , an annular seal being positioned on the opposite side of the base and engaged by a flange of the receptacle which holds the receptacle to the base . the nut assembly includes a threaded member within the receptacle and a sleeve extending through an opening into the base and beyond the opposite side of the base . the sleeve is bendable outwardly to form a flange to cooperate with the base in holding the fastener to a workpiece , the seal including a bead which will engage such a workpiece and prevent leakage when the flange on the sleeve is so formed .
a mercury arc lamp and a condenser lens system are mounted in the housing of a headlight in such a manner that the lens system produces a luminous image of the arc in the housing contiguously adjacent an aperture in the opaque front wall of the housing , the image being not greater than 2 cm.sup.2 when viewed through the aperture , but producing an adequate illuminating beam . the headlight appears to a viewer as a brilliantly luminous point whose afterimage is too small to have a persistent blinding effect .
a method for inhibiting external corrosion on an insulated pipeline including a pipe insulation positioned outside and around the pipe and a coating material around the insulation by positioning a plurality of concentrated charges of alkaline material in the insulation material .
a method and a toolset for manufacturing a metal liner for a composite vessel includes a mandrel configured in several mandrel elements forming support elements of primary parts constituting the metal liner .
valve device for evacuation of a gaseous medium under overpressure from a space ( 3 ) includes a valve housing ( 1a ) with an opening ( 2 ) to the space ( 3 ) ; a valve disc ( 6 ) cooperating with a valve spindle ( 8 ) , sealing the opening in the closed position of the valve and , disposed in a cylinder ( 12 ) , a control plunger ( 13 ) which , via a spring , biases the spindle and thus the valve disc towards the closed position . when pressure medium with a predetermined control pressure is supplied , the plunger is lifted from the valve spindle , whereupon the force from a balancing spring ( 11 ) and the medium pressure in the space ( 3 ) act in the valve opening direction , while the force of the control pressure acting on the spindle ( 8 ) loads the valve disc in the closing direction .
a vehicle automatic transmission includes a torque converter , and also includes a gear transmission mechanism . this gear transmission mechanism includes a manual range setting valve and a plurality of friction engaging mechanisms . selective engagement of combinations of these friction engaging mechanisms , when the manual range setting valve is set to a forward range , causes the gear transmission mechanism to provide various forward speed stages . in this anti creep control method , a test is performed as to whether anti creep provision conditions hold , the anti creep provision conditions including whether or not the manual range setting valve is set to a forward range , and whether or not the vehicle is substantially stationary . if the anti creep provision conditions hold , after a determinate time interval after the establishment of these conditions , a retest is performed as to whether the anti creep provision conditions hold , and this time if the anti creep provision conditions hold anti creep control is performed from this time point . thereby hunting of the transmission during anti creep action is prevented . a system is also disclosed for implementing this method .
a support for supporting a structure on a surface , comprising at least one support element , each support element comprising a piston , a cylinder in which the piston is moveable , and a brake for maintaining the piston in a position that is stable relative to the cylinder , wherein the piston and the cylinder are arranged so that a loading associated with the structure effects an adjustment of the support element , and wherein an increase in hydraulic pressure within the cylinder , effected by the loading associated with the structure , activates the brake .
a bearing lubricating structure for rotary machinery having a rotor rotatably supported by a bearing in a casing , an oil reservoir provided in a lower part of a bearing chamber accommodating the bearing , and an oil disk attached to an end of a rotating shaft of the rotor and immersed in lubricating oil in the oil reservoir so as to supply the bearing with lubricating oil splashed by the oil disk , wherein a guide groove is provided to collect lubricating oil flowing down an inner wall of a cover attached to an end of the casing ; a suction nozzle is inserted into the guide groove to suck lubricating oil collected in the guide groove ; a lubricant passage extends through the inside of the rotating shaft to supply the bearing with lubricating oil sucked through the suction nozzle ; and an oiling nozzle is communicated with the lubricant passage and performs a pumping action induced by the rotation of the shaft , whereby a sufficiently large amount of lubricating oil is supplied to the bearing .
a laminated total heat exchange element that includes a plurality of laminated plates , a first spacing member forming a first flow path between the laminated plates , and a second spacing member forming a second flow path between the laminated plates , wherein the first flow path is formed to allow fluid to pass from one side to another side of the laminated total heat exchange element , the second flow path is formed to allow fluid to pass from the another side to the one side of the laminated total heat exchange element , a third flow path , which communicates with the first flow path on the one side and extends substantially parallel to a lamination direction of the laminated plates , is formed , and a fourth flow path , which communicates with the second flow path on the another side and extends substantially parallel to the lamination direction of the laminated plate , is formed .
a hollow rotor shaft for use in a small twin spool gas turbine engine in which the hollow rotor shaft is assembled by welding two hollow shaft sections together to form the single shaft assembly . one of the hollow shaft sections includes a lip that functions to form a snug fit prior to welding and also functions as a weld filler material . the hollow shaft ends each include a hole to allow for pressure equalization during the welding process to prevent bulging of the hollow shaft . to ensure a full penetration weld , an orbital welding process is used while passing an insert gas such as argon through the hollow shaft to minimize the buildup of material on the inner surface of the weld from the welding process . the shaft ends are pre-heated prior to welding . an insert gas is passed through the inner surface of the shaft sections during welding to prevent buildup of material on the inner surface of the hollow rotor shaft . after welding , material is removed from the outer surfaces of the shaft sections to form the outer surface of the hollow rotor shaft . and , then heat treatment at a high temperature while cooling the shaft with the insert gas occurs . then , a second heat treatment at about half the first temperature occurs while also passing the insert gas through the shaft for cooling . the welded and heat treated hollow shaft is then balanced by removing material from around the holes .
a centrifugal fan introducing air via an inlet port in a direction of a rotation axis and discharging the air via an outlet port in the a direction of a centrifugal force produced by rotation includes : an impeller having a plurality of vanes around the rotation axis ; and a housing including the inlet port and supporting the impeller such that the impeller is allowed to freely rotate in the housing . an inclined portion is formed at least at a part of edge portion of the inlet port , the inclined portion widening to the side that the impeller is disposed .
a mounting arrangement for an hvac case includes a drain tube extending from the hvac case and defining an outlet . a receiving portion extends from a docking station and is adapted to accept the drain tube in an assembled position . a first compressible material is disposed between the receiving portion and the docking station . the receiving portion is operable to deflect into the first compressible material upon slidable communication of the drain tube along a surface of the neck . a second compressible material is disposed between the drain tube and the receiving portion . the second compressible material is adapted to compress between the drain tube and the receiving portion in the assembled position .
an electro-mechanical vehicle power transmission ( 10 ) comprises two planetary trains ( 12 , 14 ) defining mechanical pathways , two electric machines ( 20 , 22 ) defining an electrical pathway , and at least one torque transfer device ( 24 ) that can selectively couple between one component and another component or components to transfer torque . each planetary train includes a sun member ( 12a , 14a ) , a ring member ( 12b , 14b ) , and a plurality of planet members ( 12c , 14c ) engaged with the ring member and the sun member . each planetary train includes a planet carrier ( 12d , 14d ) configured to hold the planet members in an annular space between the ring member and the sun members . each electric machine can be operated either as a motor to covert electrical energy to mechanical energy or as a generator to convert mechanic energy to electric energy . a first external coupler ( 16 ) receives mechanical power from a prime mover while a concentrically disposed second external coupler ( 18 ) delivers mechanical power to a driven member .
a connector of the nut-and-bolt type with a bolt that has an external thread and/or a nut that has an internal thread . the connector has a locking device that provides a moment of friction that counteracts the unscrewing moment . the pitch of the external thread differs from that of the internal thread . the external thread is screwed far enough into the internal thread or vice versa for the moment of friction of the locking device to result , once the flank clearance between the two threads has been completely occupied and exceeded , from the forces that occur during resilient deformation .
transportation assemblies for rotor blades are provided . a transportation assembly includes a protection cap including a nose portion and a plurality of sidewall portions extending from the nose portion , the protection cap having a generally u-shaped cross-sectional profile . the transportation assembly further includes a restraint assembly including a first protrusion and a second protrusion each extending from the protection cap , the first protrusion and the second protrusion spaced apart along a width of the protection cap .
a centrifugal pump has a casing , an overhung-mounted rotor in the casing having a feed chamber , which centrifugally accelerates the liquid flowing centrally to it , and a discharge chamber positioned axially behind it and connected to the feed chamber in the vicinity of the inner circumference of the rotor , as well as a scoop pipe guided centrally into the discharge chamber close to the inner circumference thereof and by means of which the liquid is discharged . for the discharge of liquids from a vacuum chamber , the discharge chamber is connected by means of a line centrally introduced into it to the gas phase of the vacuum chamber , so that the liquid flowing in via the feed chamber forms on its inner circumference a liquid ring , into which is immersed the feed end of the scoop pipe , and that on the drain side the scoop pipe is closed by an automatically closing valve , which opens under the operating pressure .
a dual fuel heating system can be used in a gas appliance . the system can have an air shutter to regulate an amount of air that can mix with the fuel for combustion . the air shutter can be configured to have different positions depending on the type of fuel to be used .
apparatuses , methods , and systems directed to efficient cooling of data centers . some embodiments of the invention allow encapsulation of cold rows through an enclosure and allow server fans to draw cold air from the cold row encapsulation structure to cool servers installed on the server racks . in other particular embodiments , the systems disclosed can be used to mix outside cool air into the cold row encapsulation structure to cool the servers . in some embodiments , the present invention involves using multiple cold row encapsulation structures to cool the servers installed on the racks .
a fastener assembly securely fastens a decorative panel in spaced relation to a support backing . the fastener assembly includes a base member adapted to be operatively mounted to the decorative panel , a carrier member , and a fastening medium supported by the carrier member and adapted to operatively interconnect the carrier member to the support backing . the carrier member is operatively attached to the base member such that the carrier member is articulately moveable relative to the base member .
a method and associated assembly for cooling electronic heat generating components of a computer including dual-in-line memory ( dimm ) array ( s ) is provided . the assembly comprises a cooling component having a plate with a first and a second ( reverse ) side , thermally coupling to the heat generating components including the dimm array ( s ) . the first plate side has a coolant conduit connected at one end to a supply manifold via flexible tubing and at another end to a return manifold via another flexible tubing such that when coolant is supplied , the coolant circulates from the supply manifold to the return manifold by passing through said first plate 's conduit .
a valve box system is disclosed for providing operators with access to utility lines such as municipal water and gas systems . this valve box system provides alignment between its multiple sections and a four-notched upper section for a better interface with an adjustment tool . the result is an efficient system which may serve as a stand-alone product or may serve to retrofit existing valve box systems .
a new wood stove and fireplace residue removal tool and temporary storage device having a shovel member nestable into a tubular structure which is closed at one end for the temporary disposition of ashes and other waste products from a fireplace . the device includes a shocker , for urging the ashes rearwardly from the shovel component to the storage component . an optional poker for stacking the fire may be removably secured to the device for ready access by the user . a handle to enhance portability especially when the device is warm may be disposed upon at least the storage component . the storage component can also have a one way flap , to prevent material already disposed within the storage compartment from escaping when the device is angularly tipped for the collection of additional waste materials .
a fuel injection nozzle is provided for a diesel engine . the fuel injection nozzle includes a nozzle body having a tip end portion , a top end portion having an opening edge , and a fuel inlet passage , a needle valve inserted in the nozzle body , and a bag-shaped rotary valve fitted with the tip end portion of the needle valve . the nozzle body has a first protrusion protruding from an inner peripheral surface toward a center axis of the nozzle body . the needle valve has a first guide groove being engaged with the first protrusion and a second guide groove . the rotary valve has a second protrusion protruding toward the center axis and being engaged with the second guide groove . this fuel injection nozzle may realize good combustion performance and good exhaust emission performance . also the fuel injection nozzle may have a simple structure without increasing the size of the injector assembly .
disclosed is an electric ramp comprising an insulating support below which there are arranged two conductive strips that are superimposed and separated from each other by an insulating body . the conductive strips each have plates cut out in the direction of the strips and folded about 90.degree . ; the free end of the plates being adapted to position an electric contact of a current-consuming element . each plate , further , has a u-shaped cut defining a tab connected to the plate and adapted to be deformed in such a manner that its free edge cooperates with an outer face of the insulating support to hold together the ramp .
an internal combustion engine includes a rotary valve such that said rotary valve serves as an output shaft for said engine .
a refrigeration purging system for the removal of non-condensible gases such as air and condensible contaminants such as water is disclosed . a portion of the refrigerant in the refrigeration system is placed in a first purge chamber which condenses the refrigerant and condensible contaminants such as water leaving non-condensibles such as air and a small portion of the refrigerant at the top of the chamber . the non-condensibles and remaining refrigerant is extracted from the first chamber pumped to a higher pressure and passed to a second purged chamber wherein the remaining refrigerant is condensed and returned to the first purged chamber . the non-condensible gases remaining are released to the atmosphere . the condensible contaminants are extracted from the first purged chamber and the condensed refrigerant is returned to the refrigeration system . a control system for regulating the operation of the pump in relation to the amount of non-condensible gases in the first purged chamber is disclosed together with means to control the flow of condensed refrigerant between the two purged chambers .
fire retardant dryer seals and related methods are provided herein . a fire retardant dryer seal can include a first base substrate having a first end and a second end . at least a portion of the first base substrate can include a low-melt polymer with the first base substrate forming contact surfaces of the dryer seal for contacting portions of a dryer when installed in the dryer . the first end and the second end of the first base substrate can be secured together so that the first base substrate forms at least a portion of an annular shape . the fire retardant dryer seal can also include a heat resistant coating disposed on the dryer seal that does not comprise the contact surfaces of the first base substrate .
a device for mounting a bearing having an inner ring with a conical bore on a bearing seat having a conical clamping sleeve which , on the side of its large diameter , projects axially beyond the inner ring , comprising a spacer ( 12 ) positionable loosely on the end surface ( 13 ) of the inner ring ( 1 ) on the side of the clamping sleeve projection ( a ) , the thickness of the spacer being less than that of the projection ( a ) in the preassembled state by an amount equal to the stroke ( b ) required to press in the clamping sleeve ( 9 ) , the spacer thus limiting the distance ( b ) of the inward stroke .
a furnace includes an enclosure and a hearth plate within the enclosure for supporting combustible material . the furnace further includes a first heater element adjacent the hearth plate for initial combustion of the combustible material , a filter disposed above the hearth plate for filtering uncombusted products of combustion of the combustible material , and a second heater element adjacent the filter for final combustion of the uncombusted products of combustion filtered by the filter . a filter bypass path has an inlet located in a lower portion of the enclosure and an outlet located between the filter and the second heater .
a stage light fixture is provided with a light source adapted to emit a light beam along an optical axis , and a color filter assembly comprising a plurality of color filters rotating about a same first axis of rotation , the first axis of rotation being parallel to the optical axis and not coincident with the optical axis .
a noise control apparatus for a motorcycle exhaust system . the apparatus includes at least one exhaust pipe assembly having a direct pass-through mode and an indirect mode wherein exhaust gases are optionally directed through noise attenuating means . the apparatus includes at least one valve for controlling exhaust gas flow , a motor , a switch controlling said motor , a wire carrier , a wire connected between the carrier and the valve ( s ) , and a rotary threaded drive shaft driven by the motor for moving the positioner . the threaded drive shaft includes radially extending and circumferentially facing stop means on both sides of said wire carrier . the valve is positioned under the control of the switch .
a gas compressor and method according to which a piston assembly reciprocates in a bore to draw the fluid to be compressed into the bore during movement of the piston unit in one direction and to compress the fluid during movement of the piston unit in the other direction .
an apparatus for converting wave energy into electrical energy comprising a first floating hull ( 201 ) interconnected to a second floating hull ( 202 ) . a winch mechanism for use in raising a weight suspended on a cable ( 14 ) . the winch mechanism is operated in response to movement of the first hull ( 201 ) relative to the second hull ( 202 ) , and a generator driven by the downward movement of the weight . moreover , a method for converting wave energy into electrical energy .
a dual input planetary transmission has at least two planetary gearsets , two input clutches , five synchronizer clutches , and two brake mechanisms . the planetary gearsets each have one member continuously interconnected with a transmission output shaft and at least one member selectively connectible with a transmission input shaft through the input clutches and at least of two of the synchronizer clutches . the synchronizer clutches also provide selective interconnections of members of one of the planetary gearsets with members of the other of the planetary gearsets . the input clutches are interchanged during a speed ratio interchange and at least one synchronizer clutch is manipulated to preselect the on-coming speed ratio . the input clutches , synchronizer clutches , and brake mechanisms are engaged in various combinations to establish at least six forward speed ratios and one reverse speed ratio .
an oil burner primary control in an interrupted ignition system includes therein circuit means responsive to burner flame for initiating energizing of an ignition transformer in the absence of burner flame and for maintaining energizing thereof for a short time period beyond the time at which the burner flame appears .
a method for vacuum impregnation of sintered materials , preferably vacuum impregnation of sintered bearings parts , with dry lubricants is disclosed . the impregnation is performed in the following way . the cleaned parts to be impregnated are placed in a glass basin containing a mixture of , for example , molybdenum disulphide and graphite , a thermosetting resin , a solvent and a thermosetting resin extender . the glass basin is placed in a vacuum chamber and the vacuum chamber is then vacuum pumped for a sufficiently long time in order to evacuate the air from the pores of the sintered parts . after that air is again let in into the vacuum chamber until normal air pressure is reached . the sintered parts are taken out and are allowed to air dry . the coating is then cured .
an arrangement and a method for recirculation of exhaust gases of a combustion engine . a return line extends from an exhaust line for engine exhaust gases to an inlet line for air to the combustion engine . an egr valve in the exhaust line regulates the amount of exhaust gases led through the return line . a control unit controls the egr valve . an egr cooler cools the exhaust gases in the return line by means of a cooling system of the combustion engine . the control unit decides whether the coolant in the cooling system is at a too low a temperature and , if it is , controls the egr valve so that a larger amount of exhaust gases is led through the return line with extra heating .
pushbutton controls are provided for the power management of a turbine powered aircraft ; and these pushbuttons may be mounted on the aircraft pilot 's control handwheel . the turbine engine has a maximum rated permissible rotational speed which initially increases with increasing air temperature and with increasing altitude or reduced pressure ; and has an absolute maximum limitation , with this maximum permissible rotational speed decreasing at increasing temperatures starting at about 10 or 15 degrees below zero , centigrade ; and these limitations are reduced when supplemental equipment such as de-icing equipment is turned on . in accordance with the present invention , a series of `` maps '' , or rotational speed control characteristics reflecting the factors mentioned above , are provided , and the pushbutton controls select among these characteristics , with the `` take-off '' power button permitting the highest maximum speeds , etc . in addition , automatic timing to reduce the maximum power levels , such as `` take-off '' power or `` performance climb '' power , is provided , to avoid over-stressing the turbine engines . the system may include additional arrangements for limiting the maximum allowable rotational speed of the turbine engine to a speed below that indicated by any of the `` maps '' , when certain pushbuttons such as the `` approach '' pushbutton is actuated .
an oil pan bolt with a standard bolt head and a sealing flange that fits against the oil pan . extending from the head of the bolt is a threaded portion that is inserted into the threads of the oil pan drain hole . an extension piece extends from the distal end of the threaded portion of the bolt . at a distal end of the extension piece is a retaining element . one way of forming the retaining element is to have another small threaded portion at the distal end of the extension piece .
the present invention provides systems and methods for transferring heat using a variable composition organic heat transfer fluid that remains liquid over a wide operating temperature range useful for solar heating applications . variable composition heat transfer fluids of the present invention comprise a miscible mixture , optionally a completely miscible mixture , of a high boiling point component selected for its beneficial high temperature physical properties , and a low freezing point component selected for its beneficial low temperature physical properties . in some embodiments , the low freezing point component is removed from the heat transfer fluid as the heat transfer fluid is heated , for example by being removed in the vapor phase , thereby selectively varying the composition and physical properties ( e.g. , vapor pressure , boiling point , etc . ) of the heat transfer fluid as a function of temperature .
method and assembly for producing shear-resistant attachment between a prefabricated top plate having a plurality of preformed bolt passage holes and a support member having a corresponding plurality of bolt-receiving holes which may be slightly out of alignment with the bolt passage holes in the top plate . the bolt passage holes are oversize and have conical walls , and the bolts have a rounded undersurface which makes line contact with the conical wall when each bolt is tightened into a nut or floating nut plate aligned and/or attached at the undersurface of the support member .
a tubular connection is formed by a box member and a pin member , each of which has a tapered constant pitch thread . a profile defined by the thread of at least one of the pin member and the box member results in a pitch line that is a stepped pitch line . the stepped pitch line configuration may produce a wide radial band of substantive contact between the stab flanks of the pin member and box member upon full make-up of the connection .
a paintball marker for firing a projectile includes a main body . the main body includes a breech and a feed port connected and a feed tube connected thereto . the main body is originally configured for launching a projectile having a first size . the invention includes a conversion kit to enable a marker to launch projectiles that are smaller than what can be originally launched . a breech insert is positioned within the breech , a feed insert is positioned within the feed port and a replacement barrel , with a smaller diameter bore , are provided to reduce the size of the all conduits within the marker for launching a projectile having a second size that smaller than the first size . the feed insert directly engages the breech adapter to prevent the movement of the breech adapter . also , connection of the barrel secures the breech insert in place .
disclosed is a variable venturi type carburetor which is provided with a suction piston movable in a direction perpendicular to an air flow , in accordance with changes in the air flow , so as to vary the area of a venturi opening formed between the bottom end of the suction piston and a wall of the carburetor body facing the bottom end of the suction piston , for maintaining the speed of the air flow passing through the venturi opening substantially constant . the suction piston has a hole formed therein communicating the venturi opening with a suction chamber in which the suction piston is moved . the carburetor has a spring for urging the suction piston , but does not have any oil damper within the suction chamber . the shape of the venturi opening is so arranged that the increase of the area of the venturi opening in accordance with the displacement of the suction piston is gradually increased . as a result , fluctuation due to the resonance and wide fluctuation caused during the transient response of the suction piston do not occur .
a cooling system for a gas turbine engine including a compressor , a combustor and a high-pressure turbine , coupled together in serial flow arrangement . the cooling system includes a storage tank , a working fluid stored within the storage tank , and a manifold coupled to the channel that supplies cooling air to the high pressure turbine . the working fluid is discharged from the manifold into the turbine cooling air supply channel , thereby reducing the temperature of the compressed cooling airflow channeled to the high pressure turbine .
a stage light fixture is provided with a light source adapted to emit a light beam ; with a main body where the light source is arranged ; and with a head articulated with respect to the main body and configured to selectively deflect the light beam coming out from the main body .
generally improved current related assemblies , attachment and devices have at least one current operated module with means preferably for removably affixing said at least one current operated module in a predetermined position on apparel , objects and things , battery pack means to provide electrical power for operating said at least one current operated module , control means operatively associated with said battery pack means for controlling the operation of said at least one current operated module , and an improved and modified conductive composition including , a metallic mixture having silver and a plastisol to provide high conducting and low surface resistivity , printed , screened , painted , coated on or molded into said apparel , objects and things including , connecting means for removably connecting the deposited conductive composition to the at least one current operated module and to the battery pack means and the control means to establish a current and signal flow path therebetween . the modified conductive composition can be washed without damage thereto . an improved conductive composition as above described for the above assemblies , attachments and devices having a desired color to match designs , decorations and the like on the associated apparel , objects and things .
a hook is attached to a carabineer via a mechanism which allows the hook to be deployed to function as a hook or stowed in a compact configuration . the combined carabineer-hook can be used to clip together more than one item or the hook can be deployed , the carabineer portion can be clipped to one item , the hook can be engaged with a surface , and the item can then be hung off of the hook . in addition , the hook can be deployed to hold one or more items while the carabineer is used to clip to another item ( such as a ring , cable , rope , rail , etc . ) .
in the rotor of a windmill electric generator , blades are secured to a hub by means of individual tab-receiving slots and a common `` knock-off '' hubcap , this mounting means providing for rapid assembly and disassembly . the mounting structure itself establishes a predetermined pitch at the blade root , thus permitting the advantages of an optimum twisted blade to be obtained without the need for an excessively complex blade configuration . the result is a compact generator unit that can be used easily in remote areas and stowed with camping equipment .
a system to accomplish both air cooling and air heating of indoor space by utilizing solar energy . in principle the disclosed system is an absorption refrigeration system , wherein a solution of an evaporable refrigerant in a less evaporable solvent is passed through a solar collector-generator , but the system has additional fluid passages with the provision of changeover valves arranged so as to pass the refrigerant in heated and vaporized state from the collector-generator to an indoor heat exchanger , bypassing the condenser of the refrigerator , thereby to accomplish air heating and return the refrigerant in liquid state from the heat exchanger to the collector-generator , bypassing the absorber of the refrigerator .
this solar heater has a plenum enclosure in the middle of a housing which contains partially overlapping , inclined , blackened aluminum sheets on opposite sides of the plenum enclosure . the interior of the plenum enclosure is divided into an inlet plenum and an outlet plenum , which communicate respectively with the opposite ends of air passages between the sheets . for optimum conversion of solar radiation into heating of the air , each sheet is not more than 0.010 inch thick and the spacing between neighboring sheets where they overlap is not more than 0.025 inch . air is circulated at a high enough rate to absorb heat from the plates substantially as fast as it is produced in the plates by solar radiation .
a cover for a crankcase of an internal combustion engine is disclosed . the cover has an inside surface in which walls are formed extending from the inside surface to form channels . a plate covers the channels to form passages that allow the flow of oil from various inlets to various outlets in the passages , but does not necessarily completely seal the channels . the plate is secured to the inside surface of the cover by threaded members that are inserted through fastening apertures in the plate and are threaded into corresponding internally threaded apertures in the inside surface of the cover .
vapor is separated from mist accompanying the vapor by passing the vapor through a porous membrane . the vapor having passed through the membrane is brought into contact with an object to be washed and condenses thereon , whereby the object is washed .
the present disclosure relates to a torque converter , and more particularly , to a torque converter containing a stator having blades with non-linear edges and non-ruled surfaces to increase fluid flow within the torque converter and improve the performance thereof .
the invention relates to crystalline polyethylene pieces having optimum crosslinking for use in storage and recovery of heat , and it further relates to methods for storage and recovery of heat using crystalline polymer pieces having optimum crosslinking for these uses . crystalline polymer pieces are described which retain at least 70 % of the heat of fusion of the uncrosslinked crystalline polymer and yet are sufficiently crosslinked for the pieces not to stick together upon being cycled above and below the melting point of said polymer , preferably at least 80 % of the heat of fusion with no substantial sticking together .
rate based monitoring includes performing test cycles on a monitored system when predetermined conditions are met . completion of a test cycle is determined by timing a period that is at least as long as the longer of a time required to detect a correct operation of the monitored system and a time to detect a malfunction of the monitored system , the timing being reset if one or more of the predetermined conditions cease to be met . a count is kept of completed test cycles .
an adjustable shock absorber includes a shock rod having a longitudinal axis . a shock body is disposed around a portion of the shock rod , the shock body defining a first fluid chamber therein and being slidable along the longitudinal axis . a piston is disposed on the shock rod in sealing engagement with the shock body . the piston has at least one channel therethrough in communication with the first fluid chamber . at least one valve is in fluid communication with the channel to control fluid movement through the channel . a support is movable longitudinally along the shock rod and is disposed adjacent to the valve . an adjustment mechanism is provided for altering a longitudinal position of the movable support to adjust the valve 's operation by altering the fluid movement through the channel .
the present invention relates to reduce noises when a starter is put in motion with a simple modification to its structure without increasing the number of parts.a circumferential groove is made in a portion near one end of the shaft of an armature and the holder plate of a brush is fixed to the inside of the end surface of the bracket with screws , and the outer peripheral portion of the washer is sandwiched by the bracket and the holder plate and the inner peripheral portion of the washer is fitted in the circumferential groove of the shaft to limit the movement of the armature . letting the pitch of the screws for fixing the holder plate to the bracket=l , the outer diameter of the washer=d1 , the outer diameter of the screw=d2 , the thickness of the holder plate=t , and a distance between the center of the armature and the screw=r , they satisfy the following formula 13 and formula 14 , d1+d2 < l & le ; d1+d2+5t & # 8195 ; & # 8195 ; ( formula 13 ) ( d1+d2 ) /2 < r & le ; ( d1+d2+5t ) /2 & # 8195 ; & # 8195 ; ( formula 14 )
the inventive discharge rate and pressure control solenoid valve ( 1 ) is used for a circuit consisting of a low pressure part and a high-pressure part and controls the discharge rate of a low-pressure fluid with the aid of a sliding spool ( 18 ) in a liner ( 22 ) provided with at least one fluid feeding orifice ( 20 ) and one fluid exhausting orifice ( 21 ) respectively . said spool ( 18 ) is electrically actuated by means of an electromagnet acting in an opposite direction to recoil means ( 26 ) for closing the passage between the feeding ( 20 ) and exhausting ( 21 ) orifices when a control current for the electromagnet is equal to zero and for gradually opening said passage according to a threshold value of the flow , the pressure control being applicable to a high-pressure fluid . the recoil means ( 26 ) are inserted between the spool ( 18 ) and a flap device which closes an inlet orifice in the liner ( 22 ) of a high pressure fluid and is connected to the low-pressure fluid feeding orifice at least at a slide position corresponding to the control current when it is less than said threshold value . the recoil means ( 26 ) are positioned and dimensioned in such a way that the flap is openable when the current is equal to or near zero in order to drop the pressure in the high pressure circuit .
ceramic material , and cryogenic refrigeration apparatus containing thermal energy absorbing elements made of the ceramic material , which is a dielectric insulator and has values of specific heat at selected temperatures below 15.degree . k. that are greater than or at least equal to the values of specific heat of pure lead at those same temperatures . material consists essentially of a crystalline phase with a composition defined by the molar formula selected from : ( 1 ) ab.sub.2 o.sub.4 where a is group 2b metal ions with or without other divalent metal ions and b is cr ion with or without other trivalent metal ions , ( 2 ) ab.sub.2 o.sub.6 where a is mn and/or ni ion ( s ) with or without other divalent metal ions and b is nb and/or ta ion ( s ) , and ( 3 ) a.sub.2 bco.sub.6 where a is pb ion with or without other divalent metal ions , b is gd or mn with or without other trivalent metal ions and c is nb and/or ta ion ( s ) . elements include regenerator packings , thermal dampers and dielectric insulation .
a method for extracting an illuminated zone from a matrix of photosensors may include : ( a ) dividing the matrix into a plurality of search zones , ( b ) searching for the presence of an active photosensor in the search zones , ( c ) stopping the search as soon as an active photosensor is found in a search zone , and ( d ) further subdividing the first search zone determined to have an active photosensor into a plurality of search zones . additionally the method may include repeating steps ( b ) through ( d ) until a search zone having only active photosensors is obtained .
a control system is provided . the control system includes at least one sensor positioned within a turbine engine , wherein the sensor is configured to detect at least one first operating parameter within the turbine engine . a controller is coupled to the sensor and the controller is configured to receive at least one second operating parameter of the turbine engine . the controller is also configured to control a flow of a fluid to a rotor assembly within the turbine engine such that the fluid is distributed substantially uniformly within the rotor assembly and at least one of the first operating parameter and the second operating parameter is less than at least one threshold value .
a vacuum motor comprising a working plunger , an internal space , in which the working plunger is arranged such that it is mobile in linear direction , a resetting element that exerts , at least for part of the time , a force on the working plunger that acts in the direction of a front side of the internal space , a gas inlet opening for supplying ambient air or a compressed gas into the internal space , and a gas outlet opening for discharging the gas from the internal space . the gas outlet opening is connectable to a negative pressure source , whereby a control plunger is arranged between the working plunger and a rear side of the internal space such as to be mobile in linear direction in the internal space . the control plunger is supported as in a bearing such as to be mobile with respect to the working plunger , and a catch element and/or a spacer is arranged on said working plunger and/or control plunger , whereby the catch element , upon a motion of the working plunger towards the front side of the internal space , transfers the control plunger into the first position , and whereby the catch element or the spacer , upon a motion of the working plunger towards the rear side of the internal space , transfers the control plunger into the second position .
a climate control system is provided including a vacuum pump for generating a vacuum upon actuation . also included is a thermostat for generating the activation signal upon a current temperature within the associated room being out of a predetermined range . at least one vent assembly is provided including a plurality of vanes pivotally mounted within the frame and having an unbiased open orientation for allowing the flow of air into the associated room and a biased closed orientation for precluding the flow of air into the associated room and a pneumatic servo connected to each of the vanes and in communication with the vacuum pump . the servo is adapted to transfer the vanes of the vent assembly to the closed orientation thereof only upon the receipt of vacuum . finally , a vacuum valve is connected between the vacuum pump and the servo of the vent assembly . such vacuum valve is connected to the thermostat for supplying the same with a vacuum during the receipt of the activation signal .
a solar energy collector which is inexpensive to manufacture and install comprising a heat absorber unit of rubber-like material having channels for the passage therethrough of heat exchange fluid and spaced-apart retainer means on its top for retaining a flexible solar collector cover in a flexed configuration accomplished by wedging it between the retainer means so that the area of the insulating space between absorber and collector can be controlled for different climates by spacing the retainer means and a simple means for assembling absorber and collector is provided . the collector is adapted to be mounted on a base to form a modular unit .
a lighting element with a light emitting device preferably in the form of a light emitting diode , can be fitted in a light carrier . the lighting element has a light-transmissive lens body with a lens-shaped light entry surface and a light exit surface and the light exit surface is smaller than the light entry surface . a starry sky lighting configuration for example in an aircraft cabin , can be implemented with a plurality of such lighting elements .
an automatic transmission system includes a drive device , electronic control and a valve control . an accelerator pedal , a brake pedal , speedometer and a gear will send signals to the electronic control . based on these signals , the electronic control will control the valve control . hydraulic fluid is provided to the drive device based upon operation of the valves in the valve control . the drive device contains a plurality of clutches for each of the valves of the valve control . these clutches are sequentially engaged by sequential operation of the valves in order to connect the engine shaft with an axle of the vehicle to thereby drive the vehicle .
an escutcheon used with a plumbing fixture that is recessed in a wall and that has a part projecting through the wall itself has a plate shaped to fit around the part flatly against the wall and formed offset from the part with a throughgoing hole . structure fixed relative to the fixture forms a throughgoing hole offset from the part snugly receiving a radially expansible anchor tube also extending through the plate hole and having an enlarged head lying against an outer face of the plate . a screw engaged in the tube radially expands same into tight engagement with the structure hole .
a capacity control device for variable-capacity compressors with a high-pressure valve portion 36 for opening or closing the communication between the discharge chamber 21 and the crank case 12 ; a low-pressure valve portion 41 for opening or closing the communication between the suction chamber 20 and the crank case 12 ; a valve open-close member 35 for opening or closing so as to reverse the open-close relationship between the high-pressure valve portion 36 and the low-pressure valve portion 41 by advancing or retreating ; a pressurising chamber 53 for applying pressure to the valve open-close member 35 in a direction that opens the high-pressure valve portion 36 by a wider effective pressure-receiving area than that of the high-pressure valve portion 36 . the device is driven with only small actuation forces by an electromagnetic solenoid 50 to open or close a communicating path between the discharge chamber 21 and the pressurising chamber 53 ( fig . 1 ) .
a tool for use in the repair of fluid conduits or pipes prevents fluid flow along the interior surface of the pipe , while allowing flow through a central bypass tube . the tube also serves to support an expandable plug which is axially compressed by a concentric compression tube surrounding the bypass tube . as the compression tube axially compresses the plug , the plug is forced to expand radially due to the flexible nature of the center section wall and the air entrapped therein . as no great amount of pressure is trapped behind the plug due to the communication of the pipe with the outside environment through the bypass tube , relatively low forces may be used in the actuation of the tool . moreover , the thin wall or membrane of the center section of the plug permits a relatively wide range of expansion , allowing a single plug to be used in a wide variety of pipe sizes . the tool is particularly suited to use with copper water pipes , but is adaptable to virtually any type of fluid conduit or pipe .
a crankshaft bearing assembly for supporting a crankshaft for rotation about a crankshaft axis within an engine having an aluminum engine block , the crankshaft bearing assembly including at least one crankshaft bearing divided into a first half and a second half , the first half being integral with the engine block , and the second half being a bearing cap connectable to the engine block . the bearing cap is made of an aluminum alloy having a tensile strength higher than the tensile strength of the engine block .
in order to increase the safety of an injection system in an internal combustion engine operating on self-igniting liquefied gas as a fuel , especially after the engine has been switched off , the proposal is put forward that at least one pressurized part of the injection system be depressurized by means of a shut-down device , the latter including at least one pressure relief line which is controlled by at least one valve and opens into a tank with a low pressure level .
an open-sided housing constructed of heat insulative material is provided and includes a resilient and compressible seal strip extending about the wall portions of the housing defining the open side thereof . the central portion of the closed side of the housing opposite the open side thereof includes anchor structure and a pair of elastic tension member structures are provided and have one set of corresponding ends anchored relative to the anchor structure and include means at the other pair of corresponding ends thereof for releasable engagement with selected portions of an associated hose bib . the open side of the housing is placed over the exposed portions of the hose bib with the seal strip equipped open side of the housing opposing the outer wall surface beyond which the hose bib projects and an exteriorly projecting portion of the anchor structure is engaged by one hand of a person installing the cover while the other hand of the person reaches inside the cover and sequentially anchors the elastic tension members to selected portions of the hose bib . thereafter , the elasticity of the tension members is sufficient to draw the housing into engagement with the wall outer surface and the resilient seal strip forming a fluid-tight seal with the wall . in addition , the seal strip is of a water-absorbing type whereby during cold rainy or snowy weather the seal strip will absorb moisture and be frozen to the exterior wall surface engaged thereby .
a power led lighting assembly includes power leds ( each 1 watt , for example ) mounted on a small circuit board of aluminum . to promote air ventilation , the led circuit board is provided with air openings to communicate with the heat sink . a heat sink enclosure for accommodating the heat sink is also provided with air openings to communicate with the surrounding atmosphere . a micro fan is fixed above the heat sink for forced air ventilation . a temperature sensor is also installed to sense abnormal temperature increases in the assembly to adjust or reduce the volume of light and protect leds against abnormally high temperature . the micro fan is turned on for heat release automatically on a temperature increase .
a thermal isolator including first and second pads , the first and second pads shaped to cover first and second leg portions of a mount . the isolator further includes a friable connecting portion attached to each of the first and second pads . the connecting portion is positioned to disconnect when a housing is positioned on the mount .
a single cycle , rotary combustion engine having constant fuel feeding . a circular housing defines an annular chamber through which a complementally curved pistonhead travels and works only upon the explosive or combustion stroke . a drive shaft is supported transversely of the housing , such that a piston rod extends radially from the drive shaft through an inner sealing drum so as to present the curved pistonhead within the annular chamber . fuel and air are fed through the piston rod within the annular chamber via one or more ports in the trailing edge of the pistonhead . an ignition point and an expulsion port , mounted approximately 280.degree . from each other are sealed from one another by rotary means . the engine is characterized by its elimination of valves and reciprocating parts .
the invention relates to an internal combustion engine , in particular a one cylinder diesel engine , with a fuel injection system . the engine is provided with a mechanical control device comprising an actuator and a control element for automatic interruption of the fuel supply in case of a lack of lubricating oil . the control circuit actuator is equipped with a vacuum advance ( 15 ) with a membrane ( 12 ) for the pressurization of a closing tappet ( 10 ) , in which a pressure chamber , formed by the membrane ( 12 ) and the vacuum advance ( 15 ) , is open to the atmosphere . in addition , the control conduit ( 18 ) is equipped with a connection ( 20 ) on the side of the oil circuit and a connection ( 22 ) on the side of the crankcase , in order to produce a depression the control unit .
a twist isolating connection between a distal end of an elastic beam disposed transversely of a vehicle sprung mass and an adjacent end of a torsion rod disposed longitudinally of the sprung mass between a suspension control arm and the elastic beam distal end , the connection including a yoke rigidly attached to the end of the torsion rod with a pair of legs straddling a platform member on the distal end of the elastic beam , and a pair of protuberances on the legs engaging opposite sides of the platform member in a common transverse plane of the sprung mass but at laterally spaced locations . the elastic beam is thus clamped between the protuberances which transfer torsional moments to the elastic beam for resistance in bending modes but which isolate the elastic beam from the torsion rod with respect to twisting of the beam due to beam bending of the torsion rod .
a throttle valve is disposed in a handle of an air tool . the throttle valve includes a throttle trigger provided on the handle of the air tool , and a throttle pin which is fixed to the throttle trigger and adapted to axially move when the throttle trigger is operated . a valve stem having a head portion is coupled with the throttle pin . a valve bush is press-fit into a shoulder portion provided inside the handle on which the head portion of the valve stem rests . a spring is provided to urge the head portion of the valve stem to contact the valve bush and to allow the valve stem to tilt when the throttle pin axially moves . this structure makes it possible to provide airtightness between the shoulder portion and the head portion of the valve stem by a simplified machining . in addition , the airtightness can be maintained for a longer period of time compared to the case of using a washer made of teflon .
a solar heat collector panel having an absorber plate with fins as part thereof to reduce convection air currents and heat loss from the panel . a screen disposed above a collector plate also reduces the undesired convection air currents . a fluid carrying pipe is attached to the collector plate by snapping into channels therein after a sealer material has been placed in the channel .
the invention concerns a dual pump , comprising an electric motor ( 18 ) including a drive shaft , the shaft including , at each of its axial ends , a shaft output ( 21 , 22 ) , and two pump impellers , each shaft output driving a respective pump impeller , one first of the pump impellers ( 23 ) operating at low pressure and high flow rate , and the second of the pump impellers ( 30 ) operating at higher pressure and lower flow rate . the water pumped by the second pump impeller ( 30 ) is drawn proximate the outlet of the first pump impeller ( 23 ) and returns to the inlet of the second pump impeller . the drawing point is situated in a low pressure pump chamber , upstream of the low pressure outlet ( 16 ) . the invention is applicable to swimming pool maintenance .
attachment for guard plates in weaving machines , characterized in that it essentially consists of at least three couplings ( 3 ) , each formed by a cylinder-shaped element ( 4 ) which is attached to the guard plate ( 1 ) , and a seating ( 5 ) which is mounted to the frame ( 2 ) of the weaving machine and which closes flexibly round the cylinder-shaped element ( 4 ) , whereby at least one coupling ( 3 ) is situated at the top of the guard plate ( 1 ) , whose cylinder-shaped element ( 4 ) has a vertical or almost vertical axis ( 6 ) , and whereby at least two couplings ( 3 ) are situated at the bottom of the guard plate ( 1 ) , whose cylinder-shaped elements ( 4 ) have horizontal or almost horizontal axes ( 7 ) in line with each other .
the invention relates to a method for controlling an internal combustion engine in the neutral position , comprising the following steps : the actual idle rotational speed is measured , the actual idle rotational speed is compared to a desired idle rotational speed , correction torque is determined according to the actual idle rotational speed gradients when the actual idle rotational speed deviates from the desired idle rotational speed by more than a predefined value , the correction torque is added to the actual motor torque demand of the internal combustion engine . the advantage of said invention is that the control of the idle rotational speed also takes into account the actual idle rotational speed gradients and the correction torque is added directly to the motor torque demand such that , overall , a very rapid control characteristic is obtained .
a turbine end intake structure for a turbocharger includes a turbine housing , a turbine having multiple blades and located in a turbine shell , and thermal insulation located between the turbine end of the turbocharger and another part . a flow-guiding channel for engine exhaust gases is provided on the turbine housing in communication with the interior of the turbine housing . an inner surface of the turbine housing matching peripheral edges of the blades is a cylindrical surface coaxial with the turbine , while the shape of the peripheral edges of the blades follows the cylindrical surface . angle-cut portions are provided on the blades at positions corresponding to an intake port of the flow-guiding channel . the thermal insulation has an outwardly extending flow-guiding part , and a flow-guiding path for engine exhaust gases formed by the flow-guiding channel and the flow-guiding part is perpendicular to the angle-cut portions of the blades .
an elastic shaft coupling including a first circular cylindrical shaft hub including first claws distributed over an outer circumference of the first shaft hub and offset from one another ; and a second circular cylindrical shaft hub including second claws distributed over an outer circumference of the second shaft hub and offset from one another , wherein the first claws and the second claws engage one another through protruding into respective intermediary spaces , wherein an elastic coupling element is respectively arranged between adjacent first claws and second claws , wherein at least an outer circular cylindrical circumferential surface of a shaft hub is provided with mounting surfaces for the claws , wherein the outer circumferential surface is configured in a portion of the mounting surfaces so that it differs from the circular cylindrical contour and the claws supported by the hub contact the hub side mounting surfaces in a form locking manner .
a coolable thin metal sheet incorporated in an exhaust nozzle for a gas turbine powered aircraft includes a hot surface , a cool surface and a plurality of triangular sloped depressions which project through the cold gas side of the sheet . each depression includes a gradually sloped essentially triangular surface which extends gradually in the direction of flow , from a deep , flat faced apex to a flush base , with the apex providing a flat surface perpendicular to the sloped surface . a hole , drilled through the apex admits cooling air which forms a film on the hot gas surface . utilizing a plurality of such depressions provides precise control of the quantity and direction of cooling gas admitted while allowing use of the thinnest material meeting mechanical requirements , providing optimized film cooling while minimizing nozzle weight .
graft polymers are used as gas hydrate inhibitors .
the disclosure relates to a submunition disposed to be separated from an aeronautical body , for example a shell carrier canister or the like above a target area , the submunition essentially including a warhead ( 5 ) , a target detector ( 6 ) and a device which imparts rotation to the submunition for scanning the target area in a helical pattern ( 4 ) during the fall of the submunition towards the target area . the target detector ( 6 ) is pivotally disposed on a carrying shaft ( 12a ) parallel to the line of symmetry ( 5a ) of the warhead in order to permit outward activation of the target detector ( 6 ) from a collapsed position where the optical axis of the target detector coincides with the line of symmetry ( 5a ) of the warhead to an activated position where the optical axis of the target detector is parallel with the line of symmetry ( 5a ) of the warhead , so as to permit free scanning vision for the target detector ( 6 ) beyond the warhead ( 5 ) .
a fluid coupling for an engine cooling system includes a driving member rotationably coupled to a driven member by a viscous fluid coupling . the viscous fluid coupling is controlled to vary the torque transfer from the driving member to the driven member as a function of a sensed engine liquid coolant temperature .
a muffler includes an outer shell which defines a chamber . a baffle is positioned in the chamber . a pair of plates cooperate with the baffle to partition the chamber into subchambers .
to fasten the control chain on a drive unit of a controllable drive wheel of an industrial vehicle , a housing part is provided on the top thereof with holes which are arranged in a circle . a chain holder is placed into one of the holes , which chain holder is engaged with both the endmost bolt of one end link and also a tensioning mechanism which in turn is engaged with a further endmost bolt of another end link . various alternate constructions are provided for the design of the chain holder and the tensioning mechanism .
a control module for preventing acoustic resonance noise generation from a heat exchanger of a heating furnace , comprising a control signal generated by the control module . the control signal is configured to operate an induction fan of the heating furnace at more than one speed for a given heat demand mode of the heating furnace .
control valve for a device , in particular for a hydraulic control device , for variably setting the control times of gas exchange valves in internal combustion engines , including a housing component , a control piston and a retaining ring , the control piston being movably mounted , loaded by a spring , on the one hand , and limited with the aid of the retaining ring , on the other hand , the retaining ring projecting over the control piston in the radial direction and being fixable in the axial direction in a recess in the housing component , and a control sleeve and a plastic shell surrounding the control sleeve being provided between the control piston and the housing component , and the retaining ring being axially attachable to the plastic shell in addition to being fixable to the housing component , and limiting the movement of the control piston and/or the control sleeve .
a fuel supply system for a marine engine provides an additional fuel chamber , associated with a fuel vapor separator , that receives fuel vapor from a vent of the fuel vapor separator . in order to prevent the flow of liquid fuel into and out of the additional fuel chamber , a valve is provided which is able to block the vent of the additional chamber . in addition , a sensor is provided to provide a signal that represents a condition in which liquid fuel within the additional fuel chamber exceeds a predetermined level .
a pipe coupling for releasably securing pipes in end to end relation uses ntrolled wedging action of contractile rings positioned between the coupling and the ends of the pipes . the pipes are disengagable from the coupling through the use of a tool inserted between the pipe and the coupling and simultaneously moving the pipe inwardly of the coupling so as to reposition the contractile rings .
a waterproof container such as a plastic or treated paper bag is filled w a dry biodegradable vegetable material such as hay , grass clippings , wood shavings , etc . when water is added to the container to wet its contents , the normally-occurring micro-organisms on the vegetable matter decompose it and release heat .
a fixing device 30 is provided for securing two members , one of which is formed with a groove , together in a predetermined angular relationship . the device includes two limbs 32,34 having respective free ends 36,46 located at the same end 49 of the device , the limbs being arranged to act as levers which , when pushed towards each other at a predetermined position , cause the free ends 36,46 to move apart to engage walls of the groove . the device 30 also advantageously includes a necked slot 50 for receiving , for example , a screw , for securement to the one planar surface , which necked slot co-operates with the screw such that the screw will push the limbs together in order to effect said engagement as the screw secures the device to the ungrooved member .
a fluid injector has a housing , a valve body and an actuator unit inserted into the housing . the valve body has a cartridge with a recess that takes in a needle . the valve body further has a hollow body arranged in a fixed position to the needle and forming a first spring rest . the valve body further has a valve cap , which takes in the cartridge and forms a second spring rest . a return spring rests on the first spring rest and on the second spring rest . the valve cap , the housing and the cartridge are formed such , that before the valve cap and the housing and the valve cap and cartridge are permanently fixed to each other the valve cap is moveable relative to the housing and the cartridge while the housing and the cartridge stay in a fixed position relative to each other .
an easy to assemble storage unit is disclosed . it provides a method of assembly that utilizes an interlocking scheme of tabs , catches and openings . the connection comprises a catch within a tab extending from a wall of the container that locks into a receiving opening on a top wall or floor panel . the storage unit utilizes similar components for the side walls and similar components for the top wall and floor panel .
luminaire assembly with readily detachable parts . luminaire comprises top ballast housing , intermediate ballast and slipfitter mounting plate , and lower optical assembly with associated slipfitter housing attached to ballast housing and mounting plate by readily detachable clamp band . optical assembly , which includes dome-shaped reflector and lamp mounting assembly , is suspended with associated slipfitter housing from lug on mounting plate when clamp band is detached .
in order to reduce the shock that occurs in downshifting and up-shifting a hydraulic radial piston engine , a valve ( 1 ) , which controls the displacement of the radial piston engine , is reversed with throttling . in order to prevent the throttled reversal from being affected by the level of pressure in the hydraulic fluid intake ( 3 ) to the hydraulic radial piston engine , a sealing point is provided in the valve ( 1 ) , which controls the hydraulic fluid intake ( 3 ) to the torque-generating pistons . to prevent critical safety situations from arising , a valve ( 24 ) is positioned in front of the valve ( 1 ) that controls the displacement of the hydraulic radial piston engine ; this valve ( 24 ) always switches the valve ( 1 ) that controls the displacement of the hydraulic radial piston engine , without pressure , when the hydraulic fluid intake ( 3 ) from a hydraulic fluid source to the hydraulic radial piston engine falls below a certain pressure level .
an internal combustion engine comprising an auxiliary chamber connected to a main chamber via a connecting passage . a raised portion is formed on the inner wall of the auxiliary chamber . the auxiliary chamber is divided into a first chamber and a second chamber . the connecting passage is tangentially connected to the inner wall of the second chamber at a position opposite to the raised portion with respect to the axis of the auxiliary chamber . a fuel injector having a pair of injection nozzles is arranged in the first chamber . one of the injection nozzles is directed to the tip of the raised portion . the other nozzle is directed to the inner wall of the auxiliary chamber , which is located at a position opposite to the raised portion with respect to the axis of the auxiliary chamber . the fuel is always injected from the nozzle towards the tip of the raised portion independently of the operating condition of the engine , while the injecting operation of the other nozzle is started when the load of the engine is increased beyond a predetermined level .
a foldable heat radiation board includes a plurality of elongated and narrow plate-like members with fluid tube embedding grooves provided therein , and the plate-like members are combined with each other in a quadrangular plan configuration . fluid tubes are embedded in the embedding grooves , and a heat radiation sheet is attached to the entire surface on the front surface side , while a back surface material is attached to the entire or partial surface on the back surface side . a plurality of contact portions in which the end portions of adjacent plate-like members contact each other are set as folding portions , and a fluid tube outlet opening portion in the end portion of one of the plate-like members and a fluid tube inlet opening portion in the end portion of the other of the plate-like members are provided so as not to oppose each other but to be shifted from each other , this portion being set as a fluid tube passage portion .
a two-piece support ring structure for supporting a wok cooking vessel on top of a burner cylinder of a cooking range . the structure features two components : a top ring of a substantially circular shape upon which sits a wok ; and a base ring having a substantially circular shape that removably rests on the burner cylinder . the top ring removably rests on the base ring . the base ring itself comprises a first ring and a first mating means disposed on top of the first ring for removably coupling the base ring to the top ring . the top ring comprises a second ring upon which sits the wok , and a second mating means projecting from the bottom of the second ring for removably coupling the top ring to the first mating means . the base ring further comprises a third mating means for removably coupling the base ring to the burner cylinder .
brush for a brush seal , having a plurality of ceramic fibers , which are held with a part of their length in an integrally continuous material in a matrix forming a solid . the matrix is made at least extensively of carbon , which is made by pyrolysis of a synthetic resin ( precursor resin ) .
a hybrid drive apparatus includes a rotary electric machine including a rotor capable of transmitting driving force to at least a speed change mechanism and a rotor hub that holds the rotor ; a clutch ; an oil hole that supplies oil from a radial inner side of the clutch toward the clutch ; and a partition member disposed with a clearance provided in at least a portion in a circumferential direction between the rotor hub and the partition member on a radial inner side of the rotor hub .
a radial piston pump ( 1 ) for supplying fuel at high-pressure to an internal combustion engine has a displacement housing ( 3 ) equipped with a compression chamber ( 4 ) , a reciprocating piston which is arranged in a cylinder chamber ( 5 ) of a cylinder ( 30 ) , a suction valve ( 10 ) which is connected to a fuel supply line ( 8 ) and a pressure valve ( 12 ) which is connected to a fuel outlet line ( 14 ) . the suction valve ( 10 ) and the pressure valve ( 12 ) have , respectively , a closing head ( 16 , 16â€² ) , a valve seat ( 18 , 18â€² ) , a cylinder section ( 20 , 20â€² ) and springs ( 22 , 22â€² ) . the suction valve ( 10 ) and the pressure valve ( 12 ) are identical components and the pressure valve ( 12 ) is incorporated into the radial piston pump ( 1 ) in the direction of flow counter to the suction valve ( 10 ) .
a control system controls operation of a vehicle drive train during acceleration to avoid regions of engine torque and speed which result in high emissions . the system responds to operator control signal , engine speed signals and optionally engine temperature signals and provides output signals to control the fuel injection to thereby control engine torque .
a light fixture includes a housing and at least one adjustable light assembly coupled thereto . each light assembly includes a light source and an optic lens that is disposed over at least a portion of the light source . at least a portion of the lens is positioned external to the housing . the lens is rotatably adjustable about an axis extending perpendicular from the lens and includes a portion of the light source . the lens emits an asymmetrical light output . a light source holder may be included as part of the light assembly and is used to couple the light assembly to the housing . the light source holder includes a first surface , a second surface opposite the first surface , and an aperture extending therethrough . the light source is positioned adjacent the first surface over the aperture while the lens is positioned adjacent the second surface over the aperture .
a lighting device includes a lighting source , a case , and a light adjuster adjusting a path of light emitted from the lighting source . the light adjuster includes a first light adjustment panel , a second light adjustment panel , and a shielding panel . the first light adjustment panel is placed between the first reflection panel and the second reflection panel , and shields a part of the light emitted from the first lighting source . the second light adjustment panel is placed between the third reflection panel and the fourth reflection panel , and shields a part of the light emitted from the second lighting source .
an automatic temperature responsive damper assembly for use within the conduit of a ventilating system designed to exhaust the air in a confined space to the atmosphere whereby the conduit may be opened in order to minimize excess heat build-up in the confined space and closed when it is desired to prevent heat loss from the confined space . the damper assembly includes at least one vane carried within the conduit , preferably two , with mounting means operatively associated with the conduit for pivotally securing the at least one vane thereto , so as to be movable between a generally open position and a generally closed position in the conduit to permit the passage of air therethrough in its open position . camming means is secured to the at least one vane carried by the mounting means and includes a camming surface thereon with a temperature responsive drive assembly mounted to detect temperature changes in the conduit and adapted to actuate in response to temperature changes within a predetermined range . transmission means couples the drive assembly to the camming means for communicating movement of the drive assembly to the camming means , such that the at least one vane is moved to varying positions in response to temperature changes in the ventilating conduit . biasing means is provided for urging the camming means into contact with the transmission means in a direction opposite to the forces applied by the drive assembly , so as to obtain an automatic closing of the at least one vane irrespective of the mounted position of the conduit .
a boiler tube protector having a cylindrical or semi-cylindrical shape and adapted to be attached around an outer peripheral face of a boiler tube with mortar , which boiler tube protector includes a plurality of ceramic bodies closely arranged along their parting planes , wherein the parting planes includes a restraining portion for restraining slippage of each of the ceramic bodies .
children safety device for cookers or stoves where such a device must be used when using the stove . the children safety device comprises a front plate which may be raised in tracks and cooperating side plates which together comprise an at least partially peripheral obstacle , and optionally an additional down-folding panel which may cover the switch panel and/or the stove door in a down-folded position .
past applications have found that a joint becomes damaged due to the high loading and vibration loads in which it encounters during operation . the counterbored joint utilizes the flexible shim that is larger than the body receiving bore . a undercut is machined into the body receiving bore which allows for the flexible shim to be placed within the body receiving bore between the first and second step surfaces . the first step surface is parallel to the second step surface which distributes stresses uniformly and helps in sealing . the principal use is for a cylinder liner joint , however any joint that is highly loaded or encounters vibrational loads will benefit from this invention . for example , a hydraulic joint that utilizes a piston in operation may be remanufactured with this invention .
a method and apparatus for controlling temperature of a compressor motor ( 170 ) having a motor cooling circuit in a refrigeration system ( 1014 ) is provided . the motor cooling circuit includes a second expansion valve ( 1043 ) providing fluid communication between the condenser and the compressor motor . the compressor motor ( 170 ) is in fluid communication with the refrigeration circuit ( 1014 ) between downstream of the first expansion valve ( 1040 ) and a compressor inlet . refrigerant is provided as a cooling fluid to the motor cooling circuit . a primary pid loop ( 402 ) and a secondary pid loop ( 414 ) are used to control the temperature and the flow of refrigerant to the motor ( 170 ) .
in an actuator drive control device for an active vibration isolation support system , amplitudes of engine vibration are estimated when a front bank and a rear bank operate . when a difference between the amplitudes is large , an operation of an actuator is controlled at the time when the front bank operates , based on the amplitude of the engine vibration at the previous time when the front bank operates , and the operation of the actuator is controlled at the time when the rear bank operates , based on the amplitude of the engine vibration at the previous time when the rear bank operates . as a result , even when the vibration state of the engine at the time of operation of each bank differs , it is possible to control the operation of the actuator based on the actual vibration state of the engine when the actuator operates , whereby engine vibration can be effectively isolated by the active vibration isolation support system .
the piping component is comprised in part of a metal housing that is positionable with a metal pipe . the metal housing forms an opening in which a piping component body is inserted . the body of the piping component can be fastened to the metal housing using an epoxy adhesive , a set screw connection , a threaded connection , press fit connection , a key connection or a pin connection or a combination of these connections . the body is comprised of plastic , which is less expensive than metal and facilitates forming , including machining or molding , while maintaining its structural integrity in a hostile fluid environment , such as in oil or gas . piping components such as flowmeters , flow conditioners , small volume provers , static mixers , samplers , and valves are contemplated for use with these multiple materials .
a cooker having an air cleaning unit to clean the air around the cooker . the air cleaning unit has an air sucking port provided on a top wall of a casing , and an air discharging port provided at a front of an upper wall of a cooking cavity . an air passage is defined between the air sucking port and the air discharging port . a filter unit and a blowing fan are installed in the air passage . the air sucking port is integrated into a cover that hooks onto an edge of an opening that is formed on the top wall of the casing . a duct body defining the air passage is mounted on the upper wall of the cooking cavity . guide grooves are provided at both sides of the inlet port so that the filter unit is slidably and removably fitted into the guide grooves .
a compound tube including a layer of a fe -- cr alloy and a layer of load-carrying component , with the optional addition of further layers . the fe -- cr alloy preferably has a composition including , in weight- % : less than 0.3 % carbon , 15-60 % chromium , less than 10 % nickel , less than 5 % molybdenum , less than 5 % silicon , less than 0.3 % nitrogen , less than 5 % manganese , and the remainder iron with naturally occurring impurities . the compound tubes are very resistant to carbonization and metal dusting , and are suited for use as bayonet tubing , superheater tubing , and reforming tubing in steam formation environments .
a lockable , removable cassette is described . in an implementation , the cassette includes a plastic shell and a currency access door . the cassette may also include a flexible handle and/or an integrated grip . in addition , the cassette may include at least one of an aperture and a transparent window positioned to reveal the contents of the cassette . in an implementation , the cassette includes a stacking mechanism which may include a drive means having non-circular drive gears .
the present invention relates to an apparatus for producing sterile ice slurries for medical cooling applications . the apparatus is capable of producing highly loaded slurries suitable for delivery to targeted internal organs of a patient , such as the brain , heart , lungs , stomach , kidneys , pancreas , and others , through medical size diameter tubing . the ice slurry production apparatus includes a slurry production reservoir adapted to contain a volume of a saline solution . a flexible membrane crystallization surface is provided within the slurry production reservoir . the crystallization surface is chilled to a temperature below a freezing point of the saline solution within the reservoir such that ice particles form on the crystallization surface . a deflector in the form of a reciprocating member is provided for periodically distorting the crystallization surface and dislodging the ice particles which form on the crystallization surface . using reservoir mixing the slurry is conditioned for easy pumping directly out of the production reservoir via medical tubing or delivery through other means such as squeeze bottles , squeeze bags , hypodermic syringes , manual hand delivery , and the like .
a method and system for providing an interactive learning heating schedule for a water boiler system , the method including the steps : ( a ) receiving an estimate of an amount of available hot water in a water boiler of the water boiler system ; ( b ) receiving usage data for the water boiler system , the usage data including at least one expected usage pattern extrapolated from the usage data ; and ( c ) generating a heating schedule for the water boiler , based on at least one expected usage pattern and the estimated amount of available hot water .
the boundary layer stimulation by blowing flow fluid into the proximity of the separation region on turbine blades is disclosed . in order to prevent a laminar boundary layer separation , the blowing-in takes place in the form of intermittent fluid pulses . a particularly advantageous arrangement for an axial turbomachinery rotor disk is provided for this purpose , on the end face of which a stationary ring is provided which has at least one passage opening with which inlet openings for the blade fluid ducts which are provided in the disk which passes by and by way of which the blowing into the proximity of the separation region takes place , become periodically congruent .
an improved control of a motor vehicle torque converter clutch ( tcc ) which detects a condition of tcc engagement when open converter operation is required , and activates an override mechanism to disengage the tcc independent of the normal tcc control in response to the detected condition . this ensures that the tcc is disengaged when open converter operation is required , thereby permitting continued operation of the vehicle in conditions where the vehicle would otherwise be inoperable . when unwanted tcc engagement is detected , the control activates a clutch priority valve by intentionally commanding the engagement of two or more range clutches . when so activated , the clutch priority valve exhausts all but one range clutch and hydraulically disables engagement the tcc . when the vehicle speed is sufficiently high to permit tcc engagement , all but one of the range clutch pressure commands are eliminated , and the clutch priority valve returns to a normal state to permit tcc engagement .
the present invention is a method and apparatus for conditioning an ac input signal to a control system having a plurality of ac input signals . an ac system signal is substantially phase-synchronous with the ac input signal . the ac input signal is sampled a plurality of times to determine whether it is present or absent during a periodic half cycle of the ac system signal . a result value is determined which represents a state of the ac input signal determined a majority of the times that it was sampled . it is then determined whether the state of the result value has changed .
a pump for providing a pressurized fluid flow . the pump includes a pump casing that defines a pump chamber . a pump shaft is has a head end in the pump chamber ; the head end has a circumferential outer surface . the pump shaft head end has inwardly extending piston chambers . a discharge manifold is formed in the pump shaft head end . the discharge manifold has one end in fluid communication with the piston chambers and a second end in fluid communication with a discharge conduit that extends outside of the pump casing . a piston is mounted in each piston chamber . the pistons are formed with flow-through bores that provide fluid communication between the pump chamber and the piston chambers . a suction valve associated with each piston regulates fluid flow from the pump chamber through the flow-through bore into the associated piston chamber . discharge valves regulate fluid flow from each piston chamber into the discharge manifold . the head end of the pump shaft is axially offset from the center axis of the pump chamber . as the pump shaft is rotated , the pistons engage in reciprocal motion in their piston chambers . fluid is introduced into the pump chamber . when each piston is in its extended position , the suction valve allows fluid flow into the piston chamber . when each piston is retracted , it forces the fluid in the associated piston chamber through the discharge valve , through the discharge manifold and out the discharge conduit .
the toroidal continuous variable transmission has a viscous clutch installed between the output disks to allow their rotation difference even when there is a difference in the transmission ratio between the two toroidal speed change units . if the transmission ratio difference increases , the viscous clutch causes the two units to synchronize with each other , thus preventing the two speed change units from remaining unequal in the transmission ratio . further , when the transmission ratio difference between the two toroidal speed change units is small , the toroidal continuous variable transmission has a function to self-synchronize the two units . when the transmission ratio difference becomes large , the differential mechanism is activated to prevent seizure due to interlocking or slippage . with this toroidal speed change unit , when an electrical failure occurs , it is possible to fix the transmission ratio to a predetermined value on the low-speed side according to the driver 's selection of gearshift position so as to ensure safe driving while running with a heavy load on a descending slope by preventing sudden application of engine braking while traveling at high speed .
an automatic faucet includes a housing constructed to receive at least one water inlet conduit and having a spout for delivering water . the automatic faucet includes a valve module , a sensor module , a battery module , a turbine module , and a control module . the valve module includes a valve controlled by an electromagnetic actuator for controlling the water flow from the spout . the sensor module is constructed to provide sensor data influenced by a user . the control module is constructed to control opening and closing of the valve by providing signals to the electromagnetic actuator . the control module is also constructed to receive sensor data from the sensor module and execute a sensing algorithm . the control module is also constructed to execute a power management algorithm for managing electrical power generated by the water turbine and provided to and from the battery .
an actuator mechanism for imparting movement to a movable member includes a first lever pivoted about a pivot axis and engageable by the output member of an electromagnetic device after an initial movement thereof . a second lever is provided which is pivotable about a fulcrum and which is engaged with said output member so as to move about said fulcrum during the initial movement of the output member . means is provided on the second lever which engages the first lever between the movable member and the point of engagement of the output member whereby the lever ratio between the output member and the movable member is high after said initial movement has taken place but is low while said initial movement is taking place .
a rifle scope system allows adjustment of the scope while a shooter maintains the shooting posture and the scope sight picture . the scope system comprises an adjustment system comprising an electromechanical mechanism that responds to a signal from a remote controller manipulated by the shooter without having to significantly disturb the shooting posture . the adjustment system allows the shooter to adjust the scope 's point of aim to coincide with a bullet 's point of impact at a target . such adjustment can be performed either by the shooter . alternatively , such adjustment could be performed by a processor configured to adjust the point of aim based on a ballistic parameter associated with the bullet or the shooting environment . the adjustment system allows such processor-determined adjustments to be effected in a quick manner .
self-adjusting end clamps are disclosed . the clamps may include a top member and a bottom member having vertically arranged holes . as a bolt placed in the vertically arranged holes is tightened , the top and bottom members move toward one another to grip an object therebetween .
a roll for handling a wet web in a paper making machine having a central supporting core with bearings at the ends and an outer annular layer surrounding the core formed by centrifugal casting and having a content of chrome in the range of 15 % to 35 % with a finished outer smooth surface so that the surface has a superior wetting characteristic and releases a wet low strength paper web from the surface .
a turbo-supercharger is provided for internal combustion engines which comprises a turbine disposed at an intermediate portion of an exhaust passage for the engine , and which is driven by a gas flowing therein . a compressor is disposed at an intermediate portion of a suction passage for the engine and is driven by said turbine . also , a pre-chamber is disposed at that portion of the suction passage which is on the downstream side of the compressor , and is characterized by a resonance chamber which is communicated with the suction passage via a branch passage . the branch passage can be connected to the suction passage between the pre-chamber and the compressor , between the throttle valve and a fuel injection nozzle , on the upstream side of the compressor or directly at the pre-chamber .
a brake has an automatic adjuster including a pawl and ratchet mechanism , the adjuster comprising a bimetallic strip arranged to disengage the pawl from the ratchet when a predetermined temperature is attained . when there is excessive travel of the pawl , the strip permits re-engagement of the pawl with the ratchet to thereby permit adjustment . the pawl is preferably formed on a lever pivotally connected to one of the shoes of the brake and the bimetallic strip is connected to the lever .
a system for concomitantly shutting off a motor vehicle air conditioner compressor and lighting a warning light , when the engine of the vehicle overheats , and for concomitantly allowing operation of the air conditioning unit and shutting off the warning light when the engine is at normal operating temperature . the system features a two-position electrical switch such as a solenoid or relay which is electrically connected to a heat sensitive switch immersed in the liquid cooling medium of the engine . the heat sensitive switch has two states , depending on the temperature of the liquid cooling medium . in one state , i.e . when the liquid cooling medium temperature is normal , the two-position electrical switch is in a first position , and the electrically controlled clutch of the air conditioner compressor is closed and the warning light is not lit . in the other state , the two-position electrical switch is in a second position and the clutch is open , and the warning light is lit .
a supercooling system includes a cooling apparatus and a supercooling apparatus . the cooling apparatus includes a storing unit storing an object , a cooling unit , and a main control unit controlling the cooling unit to maintain the temperature in the storing unit at a temperature below the maximum ice crystal formation zone of the liquid . the supercooling apparatus includes an independent storage room having a storing space , a temperature sensing unit sensing the temperature of the independent storage room , a temperature control unit mounted in the independent storage room and controlling the internal temperature and a sub-control unit controlling the temperature control unit based on the sensed temperature from the temperature sensing unit to store the liquid in a supercooled state .
disclosed are a water heating system , a method of heating water and a water heating apparatus for use in providing successive volumes of heated water at a generally consistent temperature . in one aspect of the disclosure , a water heating system includes a reservoir ( 22 ) for containing water ( 28 ) , the reservoir having an inlet zone ( 50 ) comprising a lower portion of the reservoir and an outlet zone comprising an upper portion of the reservoir . a water inlet ( 38 ) is provided in fluid communication with a source ( 34 ) of water and the inlet zone . a heater ( 26 ) is positioned within the inlet zone is coupled to the reservoir . a temperature sensor ( 30 ) is positioned within the inlet zone , and a water outlet ( 46 ) is provided in fluid communication with the outlet zone . a controller ( 24 ) is coupled to the heater and the temperature sensor , the controller using information from the temperature sensor to controllably operate the heater to generally maintain a desired temperature within the reservoir .
an auger-type icemaker for producing hard chip ice of high quality comprises a refrigerated cylinder for forming ice grown on an inner wall surface thereof , a scraper auger rotatably mounted in the refrigerated cylinder for scraping off the ice on the inner wall surface of the refrigerated cylinder , and upper and lower bearing by which said scraper auger is rotatably supported in the refrigerated cylinder . the upper bearing has standard peripheral surfaces and a plurality of axial ribs projecting radially outwardly from the standard peripheral surfaces into abutment against the inner wall surface of the refrigerated cylinder . the standard surfaces include slant surfaces extending upwardly and radially outwardly progressively toward the inner wall surface of the refrigerated cylinder , and parallel surfaces extending upwardly contiguously from the slant surface and substantially parallel to the inner wall surface of the refrigerated cylinder .
a microfluidic device comprises a matrix of rotary flow reactors . the microfluidic matrix device offers a solution to the â€œworld-to-chipâ€ interface problem by accomplishing two important goals simultaneously : an economy of scale in reagent consumption is achieved , while simultaneously minimizing pipetting steps . n2 independent assays can be performed with only 2n+1 pipetting steps , using a single aliquot of enzyme amortized over all reactors . the chip reduces labor relative to conventional fluid handling techniques by using an order of magnitude less pipetting steps , and reduces cost by consuming two to three orders of magnitude less reagents per reaction . a pcr format has immediate applications in medical diagnosis and gene testing . beyond pcr , the microfluidic matrix chip provides a universal and flexible platform for biological and chemical assays requiring parsimonious use of precious reagents and highly automated processing .
a fuel injection arrangement for internal combustion engines , having an injection unit embodied as an open nozzle , in which a pump piston embodied as a stepped piston defines two work chambers in a cylinder bore is proposed , by which work chambers a pump work chamber , defined by an annular end face in the pump piston portion of smaller diameter , can be made to communicate with a fuel supply line and an injection port into the combustion chamber of the engine to be supplied . the other work chamber , at least indirectly defined by the larger face end of the pump piston , can be made to communicate according to the invention with a pressure reservoir chamber or a relief line via a pressure line that includes a 3/2-way valve ; the supply stroke motion of the pump piston is brought about by the delivery into the work chamber of the fluid under high pressure located in the pressure reservoir chamber .
band saw apparatus is disclosed which includes cutting enhancement apparatus formed for tilting of the cutting stretch of the band saw blade to vary the force per unit area of the cutting edge of the blade on the workpiece . the cutting enhancement apparatus which tilts the blade at both guide assemblies is shown . the saw carriage is movably mounted to the remainder of the saw to be substantially free to rebound or move away from the workpiece during tilting of the blade to avoid digging in or shearing off of the blade teeth and to permit close spacing of the blade guides next to the workpiece . the saw includes a feed control system having both an orifice control circuit and a support force control circuit . a method is disclosed which is comprised of using the support force circuit to vary the rate of cutting during the cut to prevent overloading of the blade and/or stalling of the machine . sensors feedback signals which adjust the support force circuit to control feeding .
a resilient `` c '' shaped propeller guard , pivotally attached to the propeller housing below the propeller and linked to a movable semi-rigid cable at its other end , transmits impact forces upon the guard through the cable thereby shifting the output of an outboard motor to the neutral position when the guard encounters propeller damaging objects .
the invention provides a plug for sealing an end of a duct . the plug includes a sealing member for sealing against an interior surface of the duct , and gripping means having one or more teeth for gripping the interior surface of the duct . the plug may include a pair of opposed camming surfaces arranged for relative axial movement therebetween whereby the relative axial movement results in the teeth of the gripping means being urged radially outwardly into gripping engagement with the interior surface of the duct .
a propeller shaft has a first yoke having a fixing portion , a pair of first bifurcated yoke portions extending from one end portion of the fixing portion in an axial direction , and a first bearing hole formed at each first yoke portion and securing therein a first bearing that holds a cruciform shaft ; a second yoke coupled to the first yoke through the cruciform shaft and secured to a predetermined member , and having a mounting flange , and a bolt insertion hole which is formed at the mounting flange and into which a bolt to secure the second yoke to the predetermined member is inserted ; and a securing member securing the mounting flange of the second yoke to the predetermined member through the bolt by a fastening tool . each first yoke portion is provided with a first concave portion that slides thereon an outer circumferential surface of the fastening tool .
a system and method for controlling noise produced by an air handling system is provided . the system includes a source microphone to collect sound measurements from the air handling system and a processor to define a cancellation signal that at least partially cancels out the sound measurements . the system also includes a speaker to generate the cancellation signal . the sound measurements are at least partially canceled out within a region of cancellation . accordingly , the system further includes a response microphone to collect response sound measurements at the region of cancellation . the processor tunes the cancellation signal based on the response sound measurements .
a rotary joint comprises : a joint main body constructed of a casing ( 1 ) and a housing ( 3 ) ; and , a rotary body ( 8 ) inserted in the joint main body and rotatably mounted therein . in the joint : a part of an outer peripheral surface of the rotary body ( 8 ) serves as a corresponding inner race of a sliding bearing ; and , the sliding bearing rotatably supports the rotary body ( 8 ) , and constructed of the corresponding inner race ( 11 ) and a corresponding outer race ( 10 ) incorporated in the housing ( 3 ) . the sliding bearing ( 10 , 11 ) may be constructed of : a plurality of units of thin-width sliding bearings ; or , a single unit of a thick-width sliding bearing . a pin ( 12 ) is pounded into the joint and engaged with both the outer race ( 10 ) and the housing ( 3 ) , whereby the outer race ( 10 ) is prevented from rotating in operation .
an electric lighting assembly including ; a protective holder formed on the top with two holes and at two opposite sides with depending lugs , said lugs having a hook portion at the lower end , a ring contact secured on the top of said protective holder , said ring contact being provided on the top with a tip contact and the outer peripheral wall with spiral threads , said tip contact and said spiral threads being electrically connected with the two holes of said protective holder , a conical member connected with the two holes of said protective holder and supported by the hook of said lugs , and a light bulb connected with said conical member , whereby the neon light can be conveniently used indoors .
described are embodiments of a pipe fitting or connector . the fitting may be used as an atomic element in constructing a variety of different structures , such as shelving formed from pipes , rods , tubular structures and the like that may be connected using a pipe fitting . the pipe fitting may include a punched hole in a top portion and a matching punched hole in a corresponding bottom portion of a sleeve into which a pipe may be inserted . the holes may be used as a visual indicator that the pipe is fully inserted in the fitting . the holes in the top and bottom portions of the sleeve may also be used with a fastener to securely hold an inserted pipe in place by passing a fastener through the holes in the top and bottom portions of the sleeve and also passing the fastener through corresponding holes in the inserted pipe .
a high corrosion resisting alloy for use in inlet and exhaust valves of diesel engines which is low in cost and excellent in corrosion resistance and strength , which consists by weight percentage of c.ltoreq.0.1 % , si.ltoreq.1.0 % , mn.ltoreq.1.0 % , 25 % < cr.ltoreq.32 % , 2.0 % < ti.ltoreq.3.0 % , 1.0 % .ltoreq.al.ltoreq.2.0 % and the balance being ni and incidental impurities . the valves for the diesel engines are manufactured through the steps of forging the above-mentioned alloy into near net shapes of the valves , performing aging treatment ( after solid solution treatment according to demand ) , and further enhancing hardness of the valves at their valve faces locally through partial cold forging .
a chain ( 10 ) with a plurality of links ( 13 ) positioned in substantially pllel relationship with respect to each other where the links ( 13 ) having an aperture ( 15 ) located at each end . an end region ( 14 ) of the links ( 13 ) extends from the aperture ( 15 ) to the end of the links ( 13 ) . a plurality of connecting elements ( 19 ) connect together adjacent links ( 13 ) . the links ( 13 ) are interconnected in a three-link arrangement in which similarly located end regions ( 14 ) of the links ( 13 ) are offset and the pattern repeats every three links . the connecting elements ( 19 ) pass through the aperture ( 15 ) on one end of one of the links ( 13 ) and the aperture ( 15 ) on the opposite end of the adjacent links ( 13 ) . the end region ( 14 ) of the links ( 13 ) extends substantially to the adjacent connecting element ( 19 ) whereby the material in the end region ( 14 ) of the links ( 13 ) is increased and substantially increases the strength of the chain ( 10 ) .
a bushing for assembling an exhaust duct liner with an exhaust duct in a gas turbine engine comprises a body , a bushing opening and a first tab . the body is insertable into a duct opening in an exhaust duct . the bushing opening receives a shaft of a liner fastener , wherein the fastener is connectable with a duct liner . the first tab extends into the duct opening and prevents rotation of the liner fastener .
an inlet manifold/throttle valve chamber unit for a vehicle comprising a heat engine , is characterized in that a module ( 2 ) for adjusting the passage cross section is attached in the region of the fresh air feed orifice ( 3 ) of an inlet manifold ( 1 ) so as to form an integrated inlet manifold/throttle valve chamber unit .
a dynamoelectric machine having a quiet cooling system . the system comprises at least twenty-five short chord axially mounted radial blades disposed on a conical hub which is disposed on the rotor of the dynamoelectric machine . the arrangement and number of blades are such that the coolant flow is increased while the pure tone noises are reduced thus increasing cooling and reducing subjective annoyance . a conical shroud encloses the conical hub defining therebetween a conical annulus whose total annular cross-sectional area does not expand to the point where turbulence and flow separation would occur . a bell-mouthed protective grilled inlet is disposed on the conical shroud for conducting a coolant , under the action of the rotating blades , through the bell-mouthed inlet and into the conical annulus . the bell-mouthed inlet and conical annulus together providing a streamlined path for quietly diffusing the coolant into the proximity of surfaces susceptible to heating .
a light bracket for mounting and supporting a light adjacent to a surface . typically , the light bracket includes an elongate member configured to support the light and a first and a second locking arm , pivotally mounted at opposite ends of the elongate member . typically , each of the arms includes an open position extending substantially perpendicular to the elongate member such that each of the arms is configured to mount to the surface and support the elongate member a distance from the surface . in addition , each of the arms typically is pivotable to a closed position extending substantially parallel to the elongate member such that a space is defined for the light between each of the arms and the elongate member .
the invention related to a drive system with at least two hydraulic actuators , which are supplied with a hydraulic fluid by means of at least one pump . the drive system comprises at least one further second pump ( 15 ' ) arranged parallel to the first pump ( 15 ) , wherein the pumps are bi-directionally speed-regulated , and a valve arrangement ( 59 ) with one inlet per pump ( 61.1 , 61.2 ) , wherein each one of the inlets is connected to a pump ( 15 ) , and with a number of outlets ( 63.1 , 63.1 ' , . . . 63.4 , 63.4 ' ) which are connected to the actuators ( 1.1 . . . 1.4 ) , wherein the inlets ( 61 ) can be connected to the outlets ( 63 ) in a pre-determined manner .
a catalytic converter for a tailpipe which further reduces vehicle exhaust emissions from exhaust emission systems and that will meet the more stringent emission requirements of state and federal government regulations . the tailpipe catalytic converter includes a ceramic or steel housing which includes a matrix core of catalytic layered materials which react with the exhaust emission pollutants , such as no.sub.x , nmhc , hc , and co . these pollutants are further reduced and oxidized by the catalytic converter in the tailpipe by the typical catalytic materials of platinum , palladium , rhodium , or the like contained within the honeycombed or meshed layers of the matrix core . the catalytic converter is lodged within the interior of the tailpipe adjacent the open end or as an extension to the end of the tailpipe . the tailpipe catalytic converter is held in place by any suitable device , such as a clamp , mounting screws , or mounting brackets . the tailpipe catalytic converter includes a device for relieving back pressure , and may be used for other vehicles , such as trucks and motorcycles or other gas compression engines , i.e. , lawn mowers .
the transmission includes an input shaft rotatable about a first axis of rotation , and a countershaft arranged substantially parallel with the input shaft and rotatable about a second axis of rotation . an output member is operatively connected to rotate in unison with the countershaft . multiple pairs of intermeshing gears are included , each having a respective synchronizable gear that rotates about one of the input shaft and the countershaft , and a respective fixed gear mounted to the other one of the input shaft and the countershaft to rotate in unison therewith . an electric motor has a rotor concentric with and rotatable about the first axis of rotation . a first synchronizer is selectively engageable to synchronize rotation of the rotor with the input shaft . a second synchronizer is selectively engageable to synchronize rotation of the rotor with one of the synchronizable gears that rotates about the input shaft .
liquefiable gases such as associated natural gas may be liquified , stored in the liquid form and re-vaporized by cooling a pressurized first liquified gas stream by indirect heat exchange with a first stream of a refrigerant , such as liquid nitrogen , to form a second liquified gas stream whose temperature is less than its initial boiling point at ambient pressure and a first warmed refrigerant stream . the second liquified gas stream is passed to a vessel wherein the liquified gas is stored . when the gas is required the second liquified gas is removed from the storage vessel and warmed by indirect heat with a second warmed refrigerant stream , to form a third liquified gas stream and said first refrigerant stream . the warmed refrigerant stream is also in indirect heat exchange with said first warmed refrigerant stream and after heating comprises second warmed refrigerant stream . thereafter , the third liquified gas stream is vaporized .
a backstop of the `` venetian blind '' type and contains a set of angled louvers to deflect projectiles safely . the present invention provides a system of modules whereby a backstop may be constructed across a wall of any width . the backstop modules themselves are made in a number of standardized widths , most preferably about 36 inches ( 0.91 m ) , 48 inches ( 1.22 m ) , and 60 inches ( 1.52 m ) wide . using various sets of these modules , any width can be filled in to the nearest foot , i.e. , a maximum gap of about six inches remains between the end modules and an adjacent wall surface . these remaining gaps are preferably filled in using a sliding , angled wall plate that accommodates gaps between about zero and six inches . the visible flat edges of plates that form the sides of adjacent modules and the plate against the floor are ricochet hazards , and thus are also preferably provided with angled deflectors . the present invention also discloses an improved angle clip that has a slot that is closed at both ends , an improvement over the open slot clip used in the prior art . methods of erecting backstops are also provided .
an automatic braking-gap adjuster system for a mechanical drum brake which has a pair of brake shoes pivotally mounted at one end on a back plate . a cam member is located between the free ends of the brake shoes . the cam member , actuated through a brake arm , expands the brake shoes to urge them against the brake drum .
a control apparatus and associated method for controlling a single chip microcomputer which has a memory for storing data . the microcomputer is operable in accordance with program data stored in the memory , which may be a programmable read only memory ( prom ) . the data may be stored in the memory after the microcomputer has been mounted on a circuit board . the control apparatus includes the programmable memory , a control unit for controlling the storing of program data into the memory , a plurality of input terminals for receiving the program data from an external source , and isolation circuitry for isolating the microcomputer during writing of program data into the memory . the control apparatus may be used for controlling an internal combustion engine of an automobile .
a rotary positive displacement pump has a front-loading seal arrangement to better accommodate servicing and cleaning of the pump body . the pump includes a sliding seal subassembly disposed in a volume between a central portion of a rotor that is received on a shaft of a gear case and the hub of the pump body . a related method of modifying a rotary positive displacement pump enables a conventional pump with a rear-side seal arrangement to be transformed into a pump having a front-loading seal arrangement . in addition to the reduction of a dead zone in which turbulent flow does not occur by inclusion of the sliding seal subassembly , other modifications to the pump body improve the ability of the pump to be cleaned in place .
an exhaust pipe for an internal combustion engine has non-circular passages that extend from the engine exhaust port to the atmosphere . the performance of the engine is not impaired by the non-circular passages compared with prior pipes having circular passages of the same cross sectional areas at corresponding locations along the pipes . the non-circular cross section enables two or more passages to be located inside a single outer wall . plates inside the outer wall divide the outer wall interior into the separate passages . adjacent passages thus share a wall . the exhaust pipe includes headers that conduct exhaust gasses directly from the engine to the associated passages . in a modification of the invention , an exhaust pipe is tuned for performance at two different engine operating speeds by tuning a passage on one side of a shared wall differently than another passage on the other side of a shared wall .
a balanced driveshaft assembly that includes a driveshaft and a composite weight . the driveshaft has a shaft member and a pair of cardan joints that are coupled to the opposite ends of the shaft member . the shaft member is formed of a first material . the composite weight is fixed to the shaft member , and includes an insert and a body . the insert is formed of a second material that is denser than the first material and is encapsulated in the body . the body is formed of the first material . a composite weight and a method for forming a balanced driveshaft assembly are also provided .
equipment that lays flat films or tubular films extruded by a blown film extrusion installation has at least one roller , which guides the walls of the film or the tubular film . the lay-flat equipment has at least one device that influences the rotational speed of the roller by providing a torque that can be transferred onto the roller by a transfer device . the transfer device provides for slippage between the roller and the device that provides the torque , thereby ensuring a smooth transfer of torque and preventing damage to the film .
a nacelle may include a tertiary lock for a thrust reverser . the tertiary lock may comprise a locking face which prevents the thrust reverser from accidentally deploying . an actuator may be coupled to a track beam . the actuator may contact a left tertiary lock and a right tertiary lock to disengage the locks . the locks may rotate and allow the thrust reverser to deploy . a spring may bias the locks to engage when the thrust reverser returns to the stowed position .
a hose coupling is sleeve-shaped form and which , at at least one coupling end , has a connector with a retention profiling provided on the outer circumference at least in one connector subregion , onto which at least one profiled coupling end a hose end of a flexible hose can be pushed . the hose coupling according to the invention is characterized in that the retention profiling is formed by at least one retention groove which is provided on the outer circumference of the connector and which has groove long sides oriented in the connector circumferential direction and groove narrow sides oriented in the connector longitudinal direction .
a low-temperature dryer , especially a compressed air low-temperature dryer , for drying of a gaseous working fluid with cooling of the gaseous working fluid by use of a refrigerant comprises a pre-heat exchanger section ( 11 ) and a main heat exchanger section ( 12 ) , in which the pre-heat exchanger section ( 11 ) and/or the main heat exchanger section ( 12 ) comprises at least one , preferably elongated heat exchanger element . cooling of the working fluid introduced to the low-temperature dryer occurs here in the pre-heat exchanger section ( 11 ) from the dried and cooled working fluid . additional cooling of the precooled working fluid passed through the low-temperature dryer occurs in the main heat exchanger section ( 12 ) from the refrigerant , so that moisture is condensed from the working fluid . all flow channels ( 21 , 22 ) of the pre-heat exchanger section ( 11 ) and/or the main heat exchanger section ( 12 ) are formed essentially by hollow chamber profiles .
a twinkle bulb light set includes , alternately from one end of the light set to an opposite end of the light set , a plurality of standard bulb sockets , each configured and dimensioned to operatively receive a standard bulb , whether a steady burning bulb or twinkle bulb , and at least one fuse bulb socket configured and dimensioned to operatively receive a fuse bulb . the standard bulb sockets are configured and dimensioned to releasably operatively receive only standard bulbs , and the fuse bulb socket is configured and dimensioned to non-releasably operatively receive a fuse bulb .
the present invention is directed to a vessel attachment system ( 1 ) for a portable stove comprising a vessel ( 2 ) and a vessel support ( 3 ) , wherein the vessel ( 2 ) comprises a first attaching means and the vessel support ( 3 ) comprises a second attaching means . the first attaching means and the second attaching means are configured to provide for a positive locking between the vessel ( 2 ) and the vessel support ( 3 ) . the invention is characterized in that the first attaching means is a polygonal opening ( 4 ) in a bottom area of the vessel ( 2 ) and the second attaching means is a polygonal supporting means ( 5 ) , wherein the polygonal supporting means ( 5 ) is insertable into the polygonal opening ( 4 ) . subsequent relative rotational movement between the vessel ( 2 ) and the vessel support ( 3 ) after insertion of the polygonal supporting means ( 5 ) in to the polygonal opening ( 4 ) provides for the positive locking between the vessel ( 2 ) and the vessel support ( 3 ) .
an accumulator having a housing , a spring-loaded liquid inlet-outlet valve , a gas charging and release valve , and a gas-liquid separator in which a top is provided releasably connected to the housing for servicing the accumulator from the top . the top is slidably insertable into the top of the housing and a releasable lock is positioned externally of the top for locking the top in the housing . the lock is prevented from releasing while the top is held in an upward position by pressure in the housing and can only be released when the pressure in the housing is reduced and the top is moved downwardly . the locking means includes a notch in the exterior of the housing , a locking ring , and a backup shoulder on the exterior of the top . an anti-extrusion ring is bonded on the bottom edge of the top and slidably engages the interior of the housing for preventing damage to the separator . preferably the top includes a dome and an annular flange extending around the lower end of the dome . the liquid inlet-outlet valve is a poppet valve in which the valve element is enclosed by a resilient coating with an annular resilient ring bonded to the coating and positioned to seat on the valve seat . the separator may be a bag separator or a cylindrical solid float having a tapered bottom with a plurality of axially extending recesses about its outer periphery for preventing the float from sticking on the interior of the housing .
an ultraviolet radiation curing system is disclosed for treating a substrate , such as fiber optic cable or silicone tubing . the system comprises a processing chamber allowing transport of a continuous piece of substrate to be treated . as the substrate moves through the processing chamber , ultraviolet radiation from a plasma lamp activated by a microwave generator treats the surface of the substrate . the system comprises two elliptical reflectors of different sizes so that larger diameter substrates may be efficiently treated with ultraviolet radiation . the system may also comprise an ultraviolet-transmissive conduit enclosing the substrate and split into a first portion and a second portion , where the second portion is movable from the first portion to open the conduit and allow insertion or alignment of the substrate within the conduit and processing chamber .
a drive unit for a vehicle wheel assembly includes an input gear set driven by an electric motor , a planetary gear set driven by the input gear set , and an output shaft driven by the planetary gear set . an adapter is used to attach a wheel rim and a brake component for rotation with the output shaft , which is rotatably supported by a wheel bearing . the input gear set and the planetary gear set are positioned outboard of the electric motor and inboard of the brake component . the brake component can be easily removed without requiring removal of the planetary gear set or any wheel bearings . only the wheel rim and the adapter have to be removed in order to remove the brake component .
a filling member-less internal-gear unit has a casing with a bearing ring which is accommodated movably in a bore in the casing transversely with respect to its axis but non-rotatably . an internally toothed annular gear is rotatably mounted in the bearing ring and meshes with a pinion rotatably mounted in the casing . the bearing ring is pivotable relative to the bore in the casing about a pivot axis parallel to its axis . the pivot axis is so disposed that the ring portion of the bearing ring , which is associated with the engagement-free annular gear region , is moved at least approximately radially towards the pinion axis by the hydraulic pressure forces acting on the annular gear in the pressure chamber .
a water valve assembly includes a valve component having defined therein a central cavity and a bypass channel . the water valve assembly also includes a flow control device positioned in the central cavity . the flow control device has defined therein a fluid passage and a sealing member secured to an outer periphery of the flow control device . the flow control device is positionable between a first pressure orientation and a second pressure orientation based on water pressure in the central cavity of the valve component . the sealing member is adapted to prevent advancement of water through the bypass channel when the flow control device is oriented in the first pressure orientation . the sealing member is adapted to allow advancement of water through the bypass channel when the flow control device is oriented in the second pressure orientation . a method of operating an appliance water valve assembly is also disclosed .
a connector device for coupling a turbomolecular pump to an apparatus to be pumped . the connector device can suppress transmission of vibrations of relatively low frequencies . the pump has a rotor , a casing accommodating the rotor therein , and an intake port and an outlet port formed in the casing . the pump operates to suck gas from the intake port and to expel the gas from the outlet port by rotating the rotor within the casing at high speed . the connecting device has a connecting exhaust tube for connecting the intake port of the turbomolecular pump with the outlet port of the apparatus ( such as a vacuum vessel ) to be pumped . an annular weight is disposed around the outer periphery of the connecting exhaust tube . a viscoelastic member is interposed between the connecting exhaust tube and the weight to form a vibration absorber .
an electric actuator has a housing with an electric motor mounted on the housing ( 2 ) . a ball screw mechanism converts rotational motion of the electric motor to an axial linear motion of a drive shaft . a side-cover ( 13 ) is detachably mounted to the housing ( 2 ) . a guide member ( 14 ) is mounted on the inner wall of the side-cover ( 13 ) . the guide member ( 14 ) has a substantially â€œcâ€-shaped cross-section and includes a recessed groove ( 14a ) axially extending opposite to the drive shaft ( 7 ) . a rotation-preventing pin ( 9 ) , mounted on the outer circumference of the threaded screw shaft ( 15 ) , engages with the guide member ( 14 ) to support the threaded screw shaft ( 15 ) so that it can be axially moved relative to the housing ( 2 ) but can not be rotated .
in a method for monitoring an exhaust gas purifying component with gas storage capability for purifying exhaust gases from an internal combustion engine , the exhaust gas purifying component comprises a gas storage material which changes from a first state into a second state upon storage of the gas . a temperature change of the exhaust gas purifying component and/or of the gas storage material , substantially based on a heat tonality of the modification transition , is measured and evaluated .
a coupling for a fluid conducting system comprises an elongated coupling part ( 1 ) and a locking part ( 20 ) , which can be displaced in a direction perpendicular to the longitudinal direction and which can be mounted on the coupling part ( 1 ) in a manner that enables it to slide . the guiding of the locking part ( 20 ) ensues via detent elements ( 24 , 25 ) that engage inside guide recesses ( 13 ) of the coupling part ( 1 ) . the locking part ( 20 ) can be fixed in a releasing position or in a locking position by the engagement of detent projections ( 26 , 27 ) inside releasing recesses ( 18 , 19 ) or inside locking recesses ( 16 , 17 ) . this enables a relatively problem-free operating of the coupling during opening and closing .
a rv winterizing method that introduces antifreeze to a rv system using a reverse flow procedure by using fittings or a coupling , where the coupling includes a band composed from a strip with a set of ends which over lap when the strip wraps around itself , a knob situated above the set of ends at a top portion of the band , wherein the knob adjust the band . a semi-tubular fitting is braced within the band where the semi-tubular fitting includes a set of lips extending up an inner wall of the band . a hole arranged at a central bottom portion of the semi-tubular fitting . finally , a fitting continuing from the hole wherein the band attaches to a faucet to create a watertight seal , and enables a non-toxic antifreeze to flow through the fitting , into the faucet and into a plumbing system .
a gas turbine engine includes a heat exchanger , a mid-turbine frame , a passageway that extends through at least a portion of the mid-turbine frame and a first nozzle assembly . the heat exchanger exchanges heat with a bleed airflow to provide a conditioned airflow . the mid-turbine frame is in fluid communication with the heat exchanger . the conditioned airflow is communicated through the passageway and is received by the first nozzle assembly to condition gas turbine engine hardware .
a system to feed cooling air to a gas turbine , wherein the cooling air is taken from a high-pressure source , inside the gas turgine , and is conveyed to radial accelerators ( 129 , which give rise to the tangential acceleration of the air in the direction of the peripheral motion of the rotor surface . after it has been accelerated to the peripheral sepped of the rotor , the cooling air enters radial holes ( 13 ) , and , whilst passing radially through the radial holes ( 13 ) , undergoes a reduction in the quantity of tangential motion , subsequently , the cooling air is released into the hollow rotor , with a correspondingly reduced outlet radius ( 14 ) . a series of labyrinth seals combined with brush seals separate the chamber for combined with brush seals separate the chamber for feeding of air to the radial holes ( 13 ) , from the low-pressure environment around the pad # 2 ( 15 ) of the said gas turbine .
a pressure regulator valve is provided having a valve spool slidably disposed within a stepped bore defined by a valve body . a first pressure responsive surface area is defined on the valve spool and is subject to pressurized fluid from a main pressure source . a second pressure responsive surface area is defined on the valve spool and is subject to pressurized fluid from a control source . additionally , a third pressure responsive surface area is defined on the valve spool and is selectively subject to pressurized fluid from one of the main pressure source and the control source . a sleeve is slidably disposed within the stepped bore , the sleeve being operable to selectively distribute pressurized fluid from one of the main pressure source and the control source to the third pressure responsive surface area to effect a change in pressure gain of the pressure regulator valve .
a damping unit , such as a shock absorber , includes a cylinder ( 2 ) , a piston ( 4 ) dividing the cylinder into a compression chamber 6 and a rebound chamber ( 8 ) , and a piston rod ( 10 ) . the rod extends from the piston through at least the rebound chamber . the compression chamber reduces in volume and the rebound chamber increases in volume as the damping unit contracts generating a compression flow across the piston , and the rebound chamber reduces in volume and the compression chamber increases in volume as the damping unit extends , generating a rebound flow across the piston . the piston has a compression chamber piston face and an annular rebound chamber piston face . at least one rebound restriction is provided in or on the piston , such as one or more rebound ports ( 26 ) /passages/valving ( 28 ) , and at least one compression restriction , such as one or more compression ports 14/passages/valving ( 20 ) is provided in or on the piston . the rod has at least one channel ( 36 ) in an outer surface of the rod extending along a portion of the length of the rod towards/into the piston such that at least a portion of the rebound flow across the piston flows from the rebound chamber , along said at least one channel , through the rebound restriction into the compression chamber .
a tubular distributor in a missile having a right-angled hollow tubular first section , the right-angled hollow tubular first section having a first leg and a second leg , a straight hollow tubular second section , an end of the first leg of the right-angled hollow tubular first section perpendicularly connected to a first end of the hollow tubular second section , a straight hollow tubular third section , a first end of the hollow tubular third section perpendicularly connected to the first end of the straight hollow tubular second section , and a close/open valve positioned within the straight hollow tubular third section , the close/open valve positioned between a gas generator and the straight hollow tubular second section .
a regulator for heating and air-conditioning appliances in motor vehicles , having a suction fan which is driven by an electrically commutated dc motor and in whose induction air flow a temperature measurement sensor is arranged . a disturbance in motor running which may lead to an incorrect temperature measurement is detected at an early stage by providing measurement means which , in two time intervals , determine measurements that are proportional to the frequency of the motor voltage , and compare these measurements with one another .
a battery operated lighter equipped with a battery operated timepiece which includes a lighter ignition circuit and a timepiece circuit wherein a switch is used in common for selectively manipulating the lighter ignition circuit or the timepiece circuit .
an air distribution apparatus having a plurality of dimples , each having small openings . the dimples having small openings provide a simple structure for causing air to be discharged from the air diffuser unit parallel to the base of the unit .
the present invention provides a transmission capable of providing a forward and a reverse drive for a model vehicle . the transmission comprises a drive gear and at least one transfer gear which is capable of engaging the drive gear . the at least one transfer gear is contained within a gear housing . an output gear is coupled to an output shaft , and the output gear is capable of engaging the at least one transfer gear . the transmission also comprises a locker ring capable of receiving the output gear and a shift lever assembly which is coupled to the locker ring . the shift lever assembly is also capable of engaging the gear housing . the invention also provides a method of changing a direction of travel of a vehicle and a system for controlling a direction of travel of a vehicle .
a wind tower erection device and method for erecting wind turbine towers which avoid the need for using expensive cranes . the device and method employs a stacker unit for anchoring to the wind turbine foundation , a plurality of intermediate modules , and a mechanical actuator for raising the intermediate modules vertically . the stacker unit has a receptacle allowing for lateral sliding of intermediate modules inside of the stacker unit . in one embodiment , the stacker unit has a receptacle for lateral sliding of intermediate modules inside of the stacker unit . the stacker unit and the intermediate modules each have at least one open side to for positioning of tower sections within the stacker unit and stacked intermediate modules . a bridge crane section is initially placed on top of the stacked intermediate modules . the bridge crane is raised vertically as additional intermediate modules are added at the bottom , thereby allowing wind tower sections to be winched into place using the crane , each being added on top of the other as the stacked intermediate modules increase to the necessary height .
a warhead assembly having an explosive core and a surrounding annular package with several circumferential rows of different sized preformed fragments or rods . in each of one or more row , the fragments are alternately inverted keystone shapes arranged in a circle , with the adjacent sides fitting against each other in essentially pressure-confining contact . further , the fragments which have their wider sides facing radially outward are composed of much higher density metal than the alternating fragments having their wider sides facing inward . this causes the lower density fragments to push the higher density fragments out at a high velocity when exploded .
a threaded connection assembly comprises a nut , a multiplier connected to the nut via a first threaded interface having a first number of threads per inch and a well servicing pipe coupling connected to the multiplier via a second threaded interface having a second number of threads per inch . a method of forming a threaded connection for a well servicing application comprises forming a pipe coupling between two well servicing pipe sections and threading a connector to the pipe coupling to form a threaded connection without impact loading the connector . another method for forming a threaded connection comprises disposing a first pipe section partially within a nut , threading a multiplier into the nut , threading the multiplier onto a second pipe section , and leveraging the multiplier against the nut , or vice versa .
a plate-shaped denitrating catalyst comprising a metal net , a finely divided porous carrier retained on the metal net with a binder and covering the metal net , and an active component supported on the carrier .
a manifold for distributing a fluid to a plurality of fluid ports , and a method for manufacturing the manifold . the manifold comprises a first tubular means forming a first tube , a second tubular means forming a second tube extending axially outwardly beyond said first tubular means , support means connected to one end of said first tubular means for supporting said second tubular means in spaced relationship to said first tubular means , and housing means molded about said first and second tubular means for forming an integral manifold .
a steam power plant , in which steam from a steam generator is received by a steam turbine , is provided and includes a conduit , a main steam control valve ( mscv ) disposed along the conduit to admit the steam to the steam turbine when a characteristic thereof satisfies a threshold , a bypass line , coupled to the conduit between a super-heater and a valve , including a bypass line valve which is opened until the threshold is satisfied such that the bypass line removes a portion of the steam , an evacuator line , coupled to the conduit between the mscv and the steam turbine , including an evacuator valve which is opened to regulate a thermal environment within the steam turbine during a start up thereof , and a warming line originating between the valve and the mscv on the conduit and terminating downstream of the evacuator valve disposed along the evacuator line .
a cvtecu includes a secondary-pressure control section and a line-pressure control section that performs a same-pressure control to equalize a line pressure and a secondary pressure with each other if a predetermined start condition is satisfied . the line-pressure control section realizes a same-pressure state between the line pressure and the secondary pressure by lowering the line pressure below a target secondary pressure , and then controls the line pressure such that an actual secondary pressure is brought to the target secondary pressure by hydraulic feedback control while maintaining the same-pressure state . the secondary-pressure control section includes a restriction section that restricts an accumulation of integral term of an integral action for a duration between a time point at which the actual secondary pressure starts to be pushed down and a time point at which the same-pressure state between the line pressure and the secondary pressure is realized .
the present invention generally relates to an improved archery bow having a greatly enhanced ability to absorb shock , vibration and sound . in order to achieve improved sound and vibration dampening , the bow riser , and optionally the bow limbs are coated with an energy absorbing and/or dampening coating . the coating is permanently attached to the riser and/or the limbs of the bow and greatly reduces undesired vibrations and/or noise generated by and during the archery bows use , without interfering with the performance of the bow . the invention also relates to treestands and archery accessories having a low noise profile .
cleaning member for cleaning the interior of heat exchanger tubes by rotating , including a sponge rubber body having a given diameter , an adhesive film disposed on the sponge rubber body , and an abrasive layer formed of granular abrasive elements being fastened on the sponge rubber body by the adhesive film , the granular abrasive elements having an average linear dimension being smaller than the given diameter of the sponge rubber body , and the granular abrasive elements being disposed in a loose packing causing the abrasive layer to be deformable together with the sponge rubber body .
an accessory driving apparatus for an aircraft system is connected to an accessory unit to be driven , such as a pcu pump . a gear set for transferring rotational power from the driving shaft to the driven shaft is provided for selective arrangement in first and second configurations in order to permit the driving shaft to rotate in either rotational direction without affecting a predetermined rotational direction of the driven shaft .
a method and apparatus for directing a pursuing vehicle , such as a torpedo , on an intercept trajectory from a launching vehicle to a target vehicle th evasion capabilities . models of the pursuing vehicle and evading target provide proposed trajectories based upon various environmental considerations . a guidance system uses estimates of initial operating parameter solutions , such as gyro angle , alertment time and intercept time , to begin a convergent , iterative process that defines final operating parameter solutions from which the guidance parameters are determined and transferred to the pursuing vehicle at launch . during each iteration , the solution determines an alertment time and an alertment bearing from the target vehicle to the pursuing vehicle at the alertment time . a selected evasive strategy includes a turn that is calculated relative to the alertment bearing .
a slide surface construction which is an inorganic skin film formed of an aggregate of fe crystals having a body-centered cubic structure . the aggregate includes a large number of { 222 } oriented fe crystals with their { 222 } planes ( by miller indices ) oriented toward a slide surface . at least some of these { 222 } oriented fe crystals are hexangular pyramid-shaped fe crystals having six ridge lines . these fe crystals having six ridge lines ensure that the oil retention of the slide surface construction can be improved , and a slide load acting on the slide surface can be finely divided . the inorganic skin film may be formed by a plating process such as electrolytic plating , chemical vapor deposition , or sputtering . during plating the output of a plating energy source is controlled to produce a pulsed waveform .
an apparatus for producing linear motion from rotary motion is disclosed comprising a drive rod ( 10 ) of circular cross section which is arranged to be rotated at a constant speed in the same direction . a carriage ( 11 ) which is arranged to be mounted on the rod for axial movement along the length thereof is provided with at least one roller member ( 12a , 12b ) arranged to engage the rod at an angle to the axis of rotation of the rod . the rotary motion of the red then causes the roller member to rotate , thereby generating an axial rector component in a direction along the rod , thus causing the carriage to move in a linear direction along the rod .
a number of embodiments of twin overhead cam shaft reciprocating machines having a plurality of poppet valves . a variable valve timing mechanism is interposed between the cam shafts and respective of the poppet valves for varying their lift and for changing the number of effective poppet valves per cylinder . the lift changing mechanism includes means for shifting at least one rocker arm follower and provides a relatively compact yet highly efficient structure for achieving this purpose .
a hydraulic axial pump/motor comprises a plurality of revolving as well as reciprocating pistons , operatively associated with a stationary port plate . the port plate comprises at least a first , elongated , arcuate suction port and at least a second elongated , arcuate discharge port , divided by a bringing portion extending between the downstream side of the suction port and the upstream side of the discharge port . a tortuous passage of a non-uniform cross-section is formed in the bridging portion , allowing the by-passing of the fluid first in a direction towards the downstream side of the suction port and then towards and into the upstream side of the discharge port .
a no.sub.x absorbent ( 17 ) is disposed in an exhaust passage of an internal combustion engine . this no.sub.x absorbent ( 17 ) absorbs the no.sub.x when the air-fuel ratio of the exhaust gas flowing into the no.sub.x absorbent ( 17 ) is lean and releases the absorbed no.sub.x when the air-fuel ratio of the exhaust gas flowing into the no.sub.x absorbent ( 17 ) becomes rich . it estimates the amount of no.sub.x absorbed in the no.sub.x absorbent ( 17 ) from the engine load and the engine rotational speed and when the amount of the estimated no.sub.x becomes the maximum no.sub.x absorption capacity of the no.sub.x absorbent ( 17 ) , makes the air-fuel ratio of the exhaust gas flowing into the no.sub.x absorbent ( 17 ) rich .
there is provided an electric braking device for a vehicle , which includes a brake caliper which is provided to a wheel , a pressing member which is provided to the brake caliper and is driven to press a friction member to a rotary member fixed to the wheel , an electric motor which is a power source to drive the pressing member , an electric power/signal line which supplies electric power to the electric motor or allows a first electric circuit provided in a vehicle body to communicate with a second electric circuit provided in the brake caliper , and a connector which relays the electric power line . the connector includes a terminal joining portion which joins one terminal and another terminal to each other , and the one terminal and the another terminal are made of metal . the terminal joining portion is positioned inside the brake caliper .
a starter device for an internal combustion engine which includes a starter motor , a pinion shaft rotated by the starter motor , a movable cylindrical member fitted on the pinion shaft and coupled thereto by a helical spline coupling , a pinion gear fitted for free rotation on the pinion shaft , a unidirectional clutch provided between the pinion gear and the movable cylindrical member , and the pinion gear and movable cylindrical member being coupled together for axial movement in unison with each other . in order to prevent the pinion gear from premature detachment from a ring gear of the internal combustion engine before the stable running condition of the internal combustion engine is reached , the device further includes : a pinion gear retreat-prevention member provided on the outer periphery of the movable cylindrical member , the pinion gear retreat-prevention member being axially fixed in position but radially movable relative to the movable cylindrical member ; and a lock member provided at a position in the vicinity of the pinion gear retreat-prevention member so as to be engageable with the pinion gear retreat-prevention member in a state thereof when it is radially displaced by centrifugal forces .
a high coefficient of performance heat pump which extracts heat from or inputs heat into a liquid comprises a refrigerant compressor , a refrigerant , a plurality of refrigerant-fluid heat exchangers , two refrigerant expanders , two refrigerant check valves , a three way valve , refrigerant conduits , and liquid conduits connected in fluid tight communication . the apparatus can be employed to extract heat from or input heat into the earth , while heating or cooling air and/or water . an improved evaporator , refrigerant-liquid heat exchanger , component hook-up , and valve design are preferred embodiments .
a transmission or conveyor chain composed of a plurality of interconnected identical links which are attachable and detachable without need for pivot pins or other separate connecting hardware . each link is preferably molded as a unitary structure of plastic material .
a hydrogen blower is provided and includes a housing having a drive unit and a compressor unit disposed therein . the drive unit is separated from the compressor unit by a neutral chamber , whereby the neutral chamber effectively seals the drive unit from the compressor unit . the drive unit includes a drive shaft , whereby the drive shaft extends generally between the drive unit and the compressor unit to selectively drive the compressor . in addition , the drive shaft fixedly supports a series of fan blades such that rotation of the drive shaft imparts a pressure on the neutral chamber to effectively seal the drive unit from the compressor unit . in this manner , the drive motor , compressor , and drive shaft may be packaged in a single housing while effectively sealing the drive unit from the compressor unit through cooperation between the fan blades and the neutral chamber .
methods , apparatus and systems for computer-aided determination of quality assessment for locate and marking operations . in one example , a quality assessment decision is solely under the discretion of a human reviewer , albeit facilitated in some respects by computer-aided display of information , and electronic record keeping and communication functions associated with the quality assessment result ( s ) . in another example , information related to a locate and marking operation is electronically analyzed such that a quality assessment is not based solely on human discretion , but rather based at least in part on some predetermined criteria and/or metrics that facilitate an automated determination of quality assessment .
a fuel selector for use with a dual fuel generator includes a selector plate , a first fuel valve assembly positioned adjacent the selector plate and actuatable between an on position and an off position to selectively control a first fuel flow to an engine of the dual fuel generator , and a second fuel valve assembly positioned adjacent the selector plate and actuatable between an on position and an off position to selectively control a second fuel flow to the engine of the dual fuel generator . a selector switch coupled to the selector plate is linearly translatable from a first position to a second position , so as to enable positioning of only one of the first fuel valve assembly and the second fuel valve assembly in the on position at a given time , such that the first and second fuel valve assemblies can not be in the on position concurrently .
heat exchange apparatus for use in a liquid metal environment comprising heat exchange tubes and grid plates having complementary bearing surfaces . the tubes are of stainless steel and the complementary bearing surfaces of the grids are aluminized to reduce wear and friction .
a hydrostatic propulsion system includes a hydrostatic circuit fluidly connecting left front and right front motors in parallel with an outlet of a pump , left rear and right rear motors in parallel with an inlet of the pump , left front motor and right rear motor in series , and the right front motor and left rear motor in series . a valve system has a first relief valve line providing flow from a right rear motor inlet side to a left rear motor inlet side , and a second relief valve line providing flow from a left rear motor inlet side to a right rear motor inlet side . a first check valve line provides flow from a right rear motor outlet side to the right rear motor inlet side , and a second check valve line provides flow from a left rear motor outlet side to the left rear motor inlet side .
an improved electric heater assembly suitable for heating molten metal , the electric heater assembly having a tube comprised of a closed end suitable for immersing in the molten metal . the tube is fabricated from a composite material comprised of a metal having a coefficient of thermal expansion of less than 10.times.10.sup.-6 in/in/.degree . f. and having an outside surface to be exposed to the molten metal coated with a refractory resistant to attack by the molten metal ; and an electric heater located in the tube in heat transfer relationship therewith .
a case with a partitioning member in which the welding between a case and a cover and between the case and the partitioning member can be confirmed by an airtightness test . the case with a partitioning member includes a cover and a partitioning member held between the case and the cover . on the inside of a first welding portion in which the case and cover are welded to each other , a second welding portion in which the case and partitioning member are welded to each other is provided , and on the inside of the second welding portion , a third welding portion in which the case and the partitioning member are welded to each other is provided . holes open to the atmosphere are provided in the case between second and third welding portions .
an improved support for a tube bundle of a nuclear steam generator has a pair of plates separated by spacers and holding slotted disc springs used to mount tubes through tube holes of the pair of plates . the slotted disc springs deform upon installation and substantially eliminate tube vibration during use , thereby extending the useful life of the tubes . at the same time , the springs limit the pressure drop between sides of the support and enhance the heat transfer from the tubes .
a food warming device assembly supported on legs comprises a stand or a frame having a heater supporting shelf for supporting a tray-like food container , an opening disposed in the heater supporting shelf , a gas burner extending into the opening and supported therein by an annular flange , and a control box containing a fuel cartridge connected to the gas burner by means of an automatic piezo-electronic ignition line and a fuel supply line for automatically igniting and controlling the supply of fuel to the gas burner , whereby the food warming device assembly can be used to maintain food in a warm condition in a controlled manner .
a rocker arm includes a follower which follows a first lobe of a camshaft and is mounted to a rocker arm body ; a lock pin that is selectively moveable in a lock bore between a first position and a second position in order to prevent relative movement between the rocker arm body and the follower in one of the first position and the second position and to permit relative movement between the rocker arm body and the follower in the other of the first position and the second position ; and a rocker arm oil passage in fluid communication with the lock bore for communicating oil therethrough to move the lock pin between the first position and the second position . the rocker arm oil passage is elongated in a circumferential direction relative to the lock bore .
an aiming apparatus for a slingshot . the aiming apparatus comprises a light projecting device adapted to project a light beam . a mounting apparatus is adapted to support the light projecting device on the slingshot and disposes the light projecting device with the light beam directed toward a target of a user of the slingshot .
fan blade covers which are particularly useful for covering ceiling fan blades . the covers are easily removed and cleaned providing a safe means for cleaning ceiling fan blades . the covers are provided in numerous colors and decorative patterns allowing the selection of covers which match a room decor . the covers also comprise a balancing arrangement for the fan which includes a pocket positioned on the upper surface of the cover and a dispensing arrangement for dispensing and distributing deodorant throughout a room which includes a vented pocket for receiving a deodorant canister while the vented pocket and canister includes a visual deodorant depletion indicator .
an attachment of a fuel injection valve is formed at least from the main body and the insert which bound the gas supply passages between them and direct the gas in a metered and targeted manner onto the sprayed fuel . the attachment makes it possible to separate the functions of gas supply and metering from those of sealing the fuel injection valve against an induction conduit and fastening the attachment on the fuel injection valve . furthermore , the design configuration results in a large number of variants which can be achieved by very simple and low-cost exchangeability of parts by virtue of the modularity of the system . the fuel injection valve is particularly suitable for fuel injection systems of mixture compressing internal combustion engines with external ignition supply .
a linear actuator useful for adjusting furniture includes a housing ( 1 ) with a reversible electric-motor ( 2 ) which , via a transmission ( 11 , 13 ) , drives a spindle ( 4 ) with a force absorbing bearing ( 16 ) . on the spindle there is a nut ( 5 ) to which an actuation rod ( 86 ) is fixed surrounded by an outer tube ( 7 ) . the actuator is with the actuation rod and a rear mounting mounted in the construction into which the actuator should be built-in . the motor housing is part of the supporting construction , as a console is fixed to this ( 10 ) with a fixing for the outer tube , spindle bearing and a rear mounting and is designed to absorb the forces occurring hereon . as the housing , as with previously known actuators , need not absorb and transfer forces , this can be made as a thin shell .
a chemical heater combines cellulosic material and a hypochlorite salt in the presence of water for exothermic reaction . although sodium hypochlorite may be used , calcium hypochlorite is the preferred hypochlorite salt as a reactant . the preferred cellulosic material is particles of cotton plants , in particular lint fibers recovered from gin trash , or non-lint , lignocellulose particles . the lignocellulose particles are preferably soaked with water prior to addition of the hypochlorite salt . each subsequent addition of similar amounts of the hypochlorite salt to the soaked lignocellulose particles results in a substantially equivalent exothermic reaction , until cellulose in the lignocellulose is exhausted .
the projectile fuse comprises a piezoelectric generator located forward of a piercing part ( 2 ) and formed by a striker ( 5 ) , a hammer ( 6 ) and a crystal ( 8 ) . the firing device comprises a watch movement ( 11 ) providing a muzzle safety and making possible the positioning of a rotary support ( 15 ) for at least one primer ( 24 ) . a part ( 2 ) of material with high mechanical resistance acts as the piercing head for the projectile after the dislodging of the electric generator at the moment of impact and effectively protects the watch movement ( 11 ) and the rotary support ( 15 ) .
liquid pressure amplification with superheat suppression is used in an air-conditioning or refrigeration system which includes a compressor , a condenser , an expansion valve , and an evaporator , interconnected by conduits in a closed refrigerant loop . a first conduit coupling an outlet of the compressor to an inlet to the condenser . a centrifugal pump is coupled to the condenser ( or receiver ) outlet for boosting the pressure of the condensed liquid refrigerant by a substantially constant increment . a second conduit transmits a first portion of the condensed liquid refrigerant from outlet of the pump through the expansion valve into the evaporator to effect cooling . a third conduit transmits a second portion of the condensed liquid refrigerant from the pump outlet into the condenser inlet , which cools the superheated vapor refrigerant entering the condenser , reducing head pressure .
in an overdrive planetary gear unit of an automatic transmission , a helical planetary pinion has its front portion cut to form an cutout portion and to have an axial-direction cross section asymmetrical in the direction of its rotation axis in order to uniformize , in the axial direction , the load imposed upon a bearing disposed around the circumference of the pinion shaft . in a front planetary gear unit of a main transmission of the automatic transmission , a helical planetary pinion has its rear portion cut to form an cutout portion and to have an axial-direction cross section asymmetrical in the direction of its rotation axis in order to uniformize the load imposed upon a bearing disposed around the circumference of the pinion shaft . it is thereby possible to reduce the weight of each planetary pinion and , hence , the centrifugal force acting on the pinion . in the overdrive planetary gear unit , the center of gravity of the planetary pinion is shifted toward the rear end of the pinion , and the centrifugal force acting on this pinion is therefore smaller at the front end , thereby reducing the load imposed on the bearing at the front end . in the front planetary pinion gear unit of the main transmission unit , the center of gravity of the planetary pinion is shifted toward the front end , and the centrifugal force is therefore smaller at the rear end , thereby reducing the load imposed on the bearing at the rear end . the non-uniformity of the load on each bearing in the axial direction is thereby reduced .
a viscous fluid type heat generator , which shears viscous fluid for generating heat . the heater includes a rotor located in a heating chamber and viscous fluid accommodated in the heating chamber . the rotor is rotated integrally with a drive shaft by a vehicle engine . the rotor includes a boss for attaching the rotor to the drive shaft . the boss has a double-ringed structure for reinforcing the attachment of the boss to the drive shaft .
a method and apparatus for refrigeration system control is provided . the refrigeration system includes a plurality of circuits with each circuit having at least one refrigeration case . an electronic evaporator pressure regulator is in communication with each circuit and is operable to control the temperature of the corresponding circuit . a plurality of compressors are also provided with each compressor forming a part of a compressor rack . a pressure sensor is used for measuring the suction pressure of the compressor rack . a sensor is in communication with each circuit and is operable to measure a parameter from each circuit . a controller controls each electronic evaporator pressure regulator and the suction pressure based upon the measured parameters from each circuit .
an electromagnetic micro-actuator includes a coil for generating a magnetic field which acts on a movable element at least partially made of a magnetic material , and a magnetic circuit to drive the magnetic flux towards a gap closable by the motion of the movable element .
an improved two part detachable shaft device is connected to a rotatable cutting and shredding member of a comminutor . when these detachable shaft devices are mechanically key connected to the rotatable member along the axis of the comminutor on opposite sides thereof , the shafts and rotatable member form an effective unitary rigidly mounted rotor along the axis of the comminutor and perpendicular to the flow of fluid through the comminutor . each detachable shaft device provides a unique and convenient means whereby a comminutor cutting and shredding member or both or either shaft device may be readily and efficiently removed for repair or replacement . each of the detachable shaft devices includes a unique bearing sealing arrangement into which each end of the shaft not connected to the rotatable member extends . one shaft is characterized as the blind side , which provides axial support and sealing of the rotor only , while the other shaft is characterized as the drive side , which provides axial support , fluid sealing and torsion drive through the shaft to the rotor within the comminutor .
this invention relates to a resettable force limiting assembly of the ball and screw type employed in a flight control actuation system . the resettable force limiting assembly includes a force transmitting reciprocating output member drivingly carried by an actuating member mounted for rotation in a housing . a reversible torque input is mechanically coupled to the actuating member to cause the output member to move in a direction dependent upon the direction of rotation of the input . a reciprocating reaction plate is secured for rotation with the actuating member . in operating cooperation with the reaction plate is a reaction plate engagement assembly that has elements secured against rotation to the housing . the elements are disposed on either side of the reaction plate . the elements have compression springs coupled thereto to resiliently separate the elements while allowing the elements to individually move towards and away from the reaction plate . the reaction plate , in turn , has springs resiliently positioning the reaction plate between a pair of force transmitting means in the form of snap rings secured to the actuating member whereby tension and compression forces above a predetermined value experienced by the output member result in the reaction plate being deflected into engagement with one of the reaction plate engagement elements depending upon the direction of the tension and compression forces experienced by the output member to thereby cause any additional input torque to be reacted into the housing . reverse rotation of the input torque will result in the release of one of the reaction plate engagement elements to thereby reset the force limiting assembly .
a premix burner assembly for heating the combustion chamber of a dryer for an hma plant , soil remediation plant , or the like is designed to meet the very low emission limitations that are imposed in certain areas such as the southern portion of california . the burner assembly includes a burner , a primary nozzle , an air source connected to the burner , a fuel source , and a fuel injection system connected to the fuel source and to the burner . premixing is achieved through the supply of a gaseous fuel from the fuel injection system into the burner upstream of the primary nozzle so as to lead to nearly complete premixing of the air and fuel prior to discharge into the combustion chamber , thereby permitting combustion of the fuel with only very small amounts of excess air . burner efficiency is increased and emissions are further reduced by employing air distribution and control devices upstream of the fuel injection system and by carefully controlling the supply of both air and fuel to the burner . preferably , burner firing is controlled by three separate controllers including a master firing rate controller , a gas supply controller , and an air supply controller which communicate with one another in different manners depending on whether or not the firing rate is increasing at a particular time .
a front axle drive assembly is disclosed which requires less lateral distance than known prior art assemblies . the drive is preferably for use in four wheel drive vehicles having an offset differential case . in such systems , the differential case is offset toward one side from the vehicle center line to accommodate the engine at the center line . an axle half on the offset side thus has reduced lateral space . the invention includes the use of a planetary system , requiring relatively little lateral space to split torque toward the two front wheels , thus providing additional lateral space for the axle half on the offset side . a constant velocity universal joint mounted between the planetary drive and the offset side axle half is received within the differential case . the lateral space savings resulting from the use of the planetary system allows the offset side axle half to be longer , providing benefits to the vehicle suspension system . in a further embodiment , a relatively simple disconnect for disconnecting the sun gear from a axle shaft is disclosed for part-time four wheel drive use .
a heat storage pond comprises a heat storage liquid covered by a non-liquid insulating layer that floats on the liquid and is thick enough to thermally insulate the latter against significant conductive heat loss to an ambient medium above the insulating layer which may be an aqueous or a non-aqueous gel . the medium above the gel may be a layer of water which operates as a heat sink for a power plant whose heat source is the heat storage layer . the power plant may include a heat engine , such as an organic working fluid turbine , which extracts heat from the heat storage liquid , the layer of water above the gel serving as a condenser for the turbine .
the present invention relates to a removable and replaceable flooring matrix capable of providing various environmental cues for the safety of disabled persons . the flooring matrix may be installed and de-installed in sections , called sectionals , that are securely attached to the ground or an anchor box by two-part fasteners . in operation , one part of the two-part fastener , or ground anchor , engages an anchor box or the ground , while the other part of the two-part fastener , or matrix anchor , engages the flooring matrix sectional . sectionals are interchangeable in part due to beveled edges , which create discernible pathways at the perimeter of each sectional for providing a pathway for the wheels of wheelchairs and the like . flooring matrix sectionals may display a variety of detectable warnings or other environmental cues to alert disabled persons of conditions or hazards , or assist in their transgress .
a secondary nozzle for a gas turbine includes an elongated , tubular nozzle body having an inlet end and an outlet end ; a tubular core assembly having an outer diameter less than an interior diameter of the tubular nozzle body to thereby define a diffusion fuel passage between the core assembly and the tubular nozzle body extending to the outlet end , and a premix fuel passage through the core assembly extending to a pilot orifice at the outlet end ; an air passage located along at least a portion of the tubular nozzle body and located radially between the diffusion and premix fuel passages ; and , a plurality of gas injectors extending radially out of the elongated tubular nozzle body from the premix fuel passage .
an alignment device of dual-spray injectors for internal combustion engine includes at least one link with two or more retaining openings engegable with the injector nozzles such that the injector will be prevented from axial rotation . the upper portion of the injector is housed in a cup with a first o-ring located inside and set against an injector seat collar above the cylinder head . the retaining opening on the link further has an elastic padding disposed thereon . the injector is thus prevented from axial movement . therefore fuel can be precisely ejected into the gas intake duct for complete combustion and resulting in more output power and reduced exhaust pollution .
this invention relates to a check valve having a straight-through flow passage wherein a ball-plug of a cylindrical geometry with a hemispherical end is pendulously confined in a cavity included in the valve body . the ball-plug has a through-hole with the central axis substantially passing through the center of a spherical surface including the hemispherical end of the ball-plug , which central axis substantially intersects the central axis of the ball-plug in an oblique angle . the ball-plug is pendulously confined in the cavity within the valve body by a trunnion in such a way that the ball plug is allowed to swing on a plane including the central axis of the flow passage of the check valve passing through the cavity confining the ball plug and the central axis of the ball plug . at one extreme position in the swinging movement , the through-hole included in the ball plug lines-up with the flow passage allowing straight-through flow for the fluid from one extremity to the other extremity of the check valve . at the other extreme position in the swinging movement a portion of the hemispherical end of the ball-plug adjacent to the wall of the through-hole plugs up the flow pass .
a pump such as a vehicle air conditioner compressor has a compressor shaft , a continuously engine-driven flywheel and means such as an electromagnetic clutch for selectively coupling the flywheel to the shaft to operate the pump . the flywheel also provides a permanent magnet field which field rotates with the flywheel and induces in the windings of a relatively stationary annular stator assembly an electric voltage in response to the rotating magnetic field . the pump shaft , annular clutch actuating coil , annular stator assembly , and permanent magnet flywheel are all generally concentrically disposed and in the order stated . the flywheel is driven any time that the engine is running thereby inducing a voltage in the stator windings and that flywheel also drives the exemplary compressor when the clutch is actuated .
a terminal connection structure of an electromagnetic coupling device includes terminal housing unit , an extraction hole , a flat contact portion , a conductive mount member , and a conductive support member connected to a power source lead line . the terminal housing unit is formed integrally with a resin coil bobbin having an electromagnetic coil therein , and projects from a through hole formed in a yoke having an annular groove in which the resin coil bobbin is press-fitted . the extraction hole is formed in the terminal housing unit to extract one end of a winding of the electrogmagnetic coil . the flat contact portion is formed between a pair of grooves formed on two sides thereof in the terminal housing unit , and one end of the winding extracted from the extraction hole is brought into contact with the flat contact portion . the conductive mount member is press-fitted in one groove of the terminal housing unit to hold a portion of the winding brought into contact with the flat contact portion . the conductive support member is press-fitted in the other groove of the terminal housing unit to hold another portion of the winding brought into contact with the flat contact portion , and abuts against the mount member to hold press-fit states of the both .
a flexible header joint for a high performance automobile is provided , wherein the first end of the joint receives a header collector and the second end of the joint receives an exhaust pipe . a cylindrical clamp maintains the joint in position to the header collector , the clamp having three spring retainers circumferentially positioned around the clamp . when the automobile is in motion , the clamp allows for the header to twist and rotate relative to the exhaust pipe while still maintaining the seal and thus preventing leakage of exhaust .
the present invention relates to the gear configuration between a pinion and a rack . the pinion forms a plurality of teeth which are received in respective grooves on the rack . the teeth each define a pair of flanks which oppose a pair of surfaces within the groove and the flanks and surfaces substantially define circular arcs . the radius of curvature of the circular arc for the surfaces is slightly larger than the radius of curvature of the circular arc for the flanks . a separating force is generated between the pinion and the rack when rotation of the pinion imparts transverse movement to the rack and the circular arcs of matching surfaces and flanks cooperate to substantially eliminate the separating forces after slight separation between the pinion and the rack .
one aspect of the invention is directed to shooting rests for supporting a firearm having a first portion and a second portion rearward of the first portion . in one embodiment , a shooting rest includes a frame , a front support for supporting the first portion of the firearm , a support member for carrying one or more weights , and a stop for inhibiting rearward movement of the firearm relative to the shooting rest . the front support is coupled to the frame , and the support member is positioned at least proximate to the frame . the stop includes a flexible portion and is also coupled to the frame .
a steam cooker , wherein a sub cavity incorporating a steam heating heater is formed at the center of the ceiling part of a heating chamber . steam in the heating chamber is sucked into an air blow device through a suction port and force-fed into the sub cavity through an external circulating passage . gas passed through the external circulation passage sucks steam from a steam generator midway in the external circulation passage and enters from the external circulation passage into the sub cavity . the steam heated by the steam heating heater until it is brought into an superheated state is jetted downward from a plurality of upper gas jetting holes formed in the bottom panel of the sub cavity by such a force that makes the steam reach the bottom of the heating chamber so that the steam can be collided with a heated matter . the steam is raised on the outside of downward air flow and the convection of steam occurs in the heating chamber .
a reverse rotation control system for a two-cycle engine of a motor vehicle which can be implemented inexpensively while preventing exhaust gas from degradation . the system includes a variety of sensors for generating signals corresponding to engine operation states , and an ignition control unit ( 10a ) for generating an ignition signal ( p ) on the basis of the various signals . the sensors include a rotation sensor ( 6 ) for generating a rotation signal ( sg ) indicating engine rotation number ( re ) and a reverse rotation switch ( 23 ) for generating a reverse rotation command signal ( rw ) . the ignition control unit ( 10a ) includes a means for causing the rotation number ( re ) of the engine ( 1 ) to be lowered to a first predetermined engine rotation number ( rew1 ) through ignition timing retarding control upon inputting of the reverse rotation command signal , a means for arithmetically determining on the basis of engine state a timer period ( tm ) over which misfire is caused to occur successively , a means for causing the misfire to occur only for the timer period ( tm ) from the first predetermined engine rotation number ( rew1 ) to a second predetermined engine rotation number ( rew2 ) , and a means for outputting only once an overadvanced ignition signal upon termination of the timer period ( tm ) which corresponds to a time taken for the engine rotation number ( re ) to lower to the second predetermined engine rotation number ( rew2 ) during the misfire control .
a plate heat exchanger having a plurality of parallel channels for conveying heated gases including entrained pollutants , with transversely directed cooling gases intermediate the polluted gas channels , and an apparatus for periodically cleaning the polluted gas channels , including pipes aligned with their respective channel openings , the pipes having a plurality of jet passages closely spaced therealong , all of the pipes connected to a pressure accumulator having at least a volume greater than ten times the volume of an individual pipe interior , and including controllable valve release mechanisms for sequentially exhausting the pressure tank volume into each of the respective pipes .
the invention relates to an internal combustion engine comprising a crankshaft , a camshaft and an adjusting device , which is used to adjust the phase position of the camshaft in relation to the crankshaft . the phase position is determined in accordance with a detected crankshaft angle and a recorded camshaft angle . a filter coefficient of a filter is determined in accordance with the amplitude of an oscillation of the phase position and the modification of said phase position . a filtered phase position of the determined phase position is calculated using the filter .
in order to permit a hose to be mounted to other structure using mounting fixtures of two different types , namely ones where the anti-rotation notches in the fixture opening are on a bulged part of the plate , and others where the plate is planar including where the anti-rotation notches are provided , the tubular member of the holder is provided with two axially adjoining flanges , with the anti-rotation lugs extending on both of these flanges . in use , the first flange abuts one face of the fixture and the second flange is surrounded by at least part of the periphery of the plate opening when either type of fixture is used . when the first type of fixture is used the lug portions on the first flange engage in the anti-rotation notches , but when the second type of fixture is used , the lug portions of the second flange engage in the anti-rotation notches . therefore , only one type of hose holder needs to be stocked , regardless of which of the two types of mounting fixture is to be used .
the present invention is an integrated process and apparatus for supplying at least a portion of the reducing gas feedstock to a reduction reactor , such as a reactor for the direct reduction of iron , wherein the reducing gas contacts a feed material at a mean operating gas pressure and effects reduction of the feed material to provide a reduced product . the integrated process includes gasifying a hydrocarbonaceous feedstock in a partial oxidation reaction to produce a synthesis gas which comprises hydrogen , and carbon monoxide at a pressure substantially greater than the mean operating gas pressure in the reduction reactor . the synthesis gas is expanded to lower its pressure to substantially the mean operating gas pressure in the dri reduction reactor to thereby form the reducing gas feedstock at the pressure conditions used for the dri reaction . the lower pressure reducing gas mixture generated by the expansion is introduced into the dri reactor as part or all of the reducing gas requirement for the direct reduction of iron .
archery and firearm sight products and processes are disclosed . in an exemplary embodiment an apparatus may comprise a sight ring and a shaft . the sight ring may comprise a proximal end , a distal end , and a track . the track may comprise a major axis disposed substantially parallel with a vertical axis of the sight ring . the shaft may comprise a first end , a second end opposite the first end , and a body disposed between the first and second ends of the shaft . the first end of the shaft may be removably coupled with the sight ring and may be adapted to be displaced along the track of the sight ring .
an energy storage rotor ( flywheel ) used for kinetic energy storage has a unitary metallic hub having a plurality of spokes and a continuous rim integral with the spokes . a composite ring surrounds the rim . the rim is in a tight interference fit with the composite ring when at rest . portions of the rim between the spokes are adapted to deflect outwardly under the influence of centrifugal force when in use to at least the same extent as the centrifugal force-induced expansion of the composite ring such that a tight fit between the rim and the ring is maintained at high rotor speeds .
the invention refers to a device ( 8 ) which is arranged to permit an air flow from an environment to an inner space ( 3 ) of a member ( 1 ) . the device ( 8 ) comprises a passage through a wall section ( 2a ) of said member ( 1 ) . the wall section ( 2a ) comprises a convex surface area ( 19 ) which faces said environment , wherein the passage extends through the surface area ( 19 ) . in one application of the invention said member comprises a milking member ( 1 ) .
a conduit support device which can be mounted and is operable in all positions for holding and supporting a conduit member comprising a substantially u-shaped support frame member having a pair of spaced opposed leg members extending therefrom defining a space therebetween , a closure member pivotally mounted adjacent the free end of at least one of the leg members for controlling access to the space defined therebetween , the closure member being rotatably movable between a closed position restricting access to the space between the leg members and an open position angularly related thereto to open the space between the leg members for admitting a conduit member therebetween , the closure member being movable to its open position in response to a force exerted thereagainst in a direction towards the space defined between the leg members , a spring member for normally biasing the closure member towards its closed position regardless of its angular orientation when installed , and other mechanisms for restricting the movement of the conduit member once it is supported within the subject device . in its preferred embodiment , the subject device includes a closure member pivotally mounted to each respective leg member .
a process and apparatus for drying wet solid material are provided . the process comprises introducing material into a dryer , bringing it into contact with one side of a plurality of heated surfaces located therein and vaporizing liquid in the material . the liquid is withdrawn from the dryer , compressed to a pressure greater than in the dryer and returned to the other side of the heated surfaces where , upon condensation , latent heat energy is released therefrom and used to vaporize liquid in material on the opposite side of the heated surfaces , withdrawing the condensate from the heated surfaces and substantially dried solids from the dryer . the apparatus comprises a housing having entrance and exit openings and means for delivering material into and dried material therefrom located in the openings and isolating the dryer interior from the outside atmosphere . a plurality of hollow heat exchange means connected to an external heat source and to atmosphere are disposed in the interior of the dryer . compressor means are connected to the housing in the vicinity of the entrance opening and to the hollow heat exchange means and operate at positive pressure with respect to the pressure in the housing , thus vaporized liquid is withdrawn from the housing and compressed and led to the hollow heat exchange means , condensed , giving up its latent heat energy , and vaporizing the liquid in wet material on the opposite surfaces of the heat exchange means .
an elongated armature can be moved rectilinearly but is preferably rotated between a first position in which it bridges the gap between two parallel rails to short circuit a very large dc current applied to one end of the rails and a second position where electrical contact with one rail is interrupted . interruption of the circuit through the armature generates a massive arc which is driven by electromagnetic forces toward the second ends of the rails . means are also provided for rapidly increasing the voltage across switch terminals to either more rapidly commutate the current into a secondary circuit and/or to more rapidly cause arc extinction . the switch is particularly useful for projectile launcher systems where the armature can be continuously rotated for burst firing . preferably , the launcher rails are longitudinal extensions of the switch rails so that the arc initially produced by switch opening or armature rotation can be used directly in arc driving of projectiles . various means are disclosed for providing an initial acceleration to the arc driven projectile to minimize rail damage which would be caused by slowing down of the arc by an initially stationary or slow moving projectile .
a spindle and hub assembly for a vehicle wheel is constructed so that , in the event of a failure of the bearing arrangement rotatably supporting the hub on the spindle , separation of the hub from the spindle will not immediately occur but will be prevented for a period of time sufficient for the operator of the vehicle to safely continue to advance the vehicle to a location where corrective action may be taken . an annulus supported on the spindle is secured to the spindle by a nut separate from the annulus , and the annulus has an outside diameter large enough such that a shoulder located within the opening in the hub through which the spindle extends is capable of engaging the annulus in the absence of the bearing arrangement , thereby preventing the hub from separating from the spindle .
an elongated elastomeric gasket ( 10 ) seals a pair of opposing flanges ( 12 , 14 ) against the passage of liquid without compressing the flanges ( 12 , 14 ) together . a reinforcing spring ( 32 ) is embedded within the elastomeric gasket ( 10 ) and is shaped so as to react when deflected by the operation of installing the gasket ( 10 ) into an operative position between the flanges ( 12 , 14 ) . a strategically located u-shaped bend ( 34 ) formed in the reinforcing spring ( 32 ) causes , in a preferred embodiment , contact pressure to be increased between opposed sealing beads at the other end of the gasket . more specifically , lateral contact pressure between a first pair of sealing beads ( 24 ) and their associated contact faces ( 38 ) is increased as a direct result of the reinforcing spring ( 32 ) being displaced during the assembly process . likewise , lateral contact pressure between a second pair of beads ( 28 ) and their respective contact faces ( 42 ) is increased in direct response to the lateral displacement of the reinforcing spring ( 32 ) in the region of the first beads ( 24 ) during assembly .
a cam case 23 is provided which swingably support a cam ring 34 fitted to a rotor 33 having a vane 33a so as to form a pump chamber 36 from the outer surface such that the cam ring 34 is swingably supported by using a swingable pin 35 disposed in the axial direction as a fulcrum , the cam case 23 serving as an intermediate body . pump bodies are disposed on the two ends of the cam case in the axial direction . moreover , a front body 21 and a rear body 22 for rotatively supporting a rotational shaft 40 of the rotor are disposed . a valve hole 75 for forming a relief valve 74 for relieving fluid pressure in the discharge portion of the pump to a suction portion of the pump when the fluid pressure has been made to be not lower than a predetermined level is a blind hole having an end which is , in the rear body , opened in a joining surface with the cam case . valve elements 74a received in the valve hole are anchored by the joining surface of the cam case .
an improvement in heat transfer and a reduction in fouling by liquid flowing inside of heat exchanger tubes is achieved by the apparatus and method of the present invention wherein the heat exchanger includes internally ridged or corrugated metal tubes rather than conventional plain tubes . despite the formation of a normal appearing fouling layer on the downstream portion of a ridge , the ridged tubes remain relatively clear on the upstream portion of the ridge . periodically , as the downstream portions of the tubing ridge surfaces build up a fouling coating , the flow direction of the tube side fluid is reversed to remove at least a substantial portion of the previously deposited coating .
the present invention relates to a linkage actuator for effecting all rectilinear or rotative movements , acting on the elements ( 1 and 2 ) constituting the linkage , characterized in that it acts directly on the linkage axle ( 3 ) and in that it is preferably constituted by at least one jack ( 4 ) and by chains or cables ( 5 ) guided on the one hand on the linkage axle ( 3 ) and on the other hand on the pinions or pulleys or grooved wheels ( 6 ) , the jack ( 4 ) coacting with the chains or cables ( 5 ) and if desired with the linkage axle ( 3 ) , which is integral at its ends with one of the elements ( 1 or 2 ) , the other element ( 2 or 1 ) housing the actuator .
a system for controlling the temperature of an electric motor in an electric assisted turbocharger that is coupled to an internal combustion engine has a turbocharger with an electric motor disposed within a motor housing . the motor housing has a motor housing inlet and a motor housing outlet . the turbocharger has a compressor with a compressor inlet and a compressor outlet . the turbocharger also has a turbine . a first cooling hose is coupled to the compressor outlet and coupled to the motor housing inlet . a second cooling hose is coupled to the motor housing outlet and coupled to the compressor inlet .
into a raceway groove formed between outer and inner races , there are incorporated a plurality of rolling elements of which outside diameters serving as the rolling contact surfaces thereof each has a curvature in the axial direction as well and also each of which has a radius smaller than the radius of the raceway surfaces of the outer and inner races . the rolling elements are arranged in such a manner that the mutually adjoining rolling elements cross each other alternately and also that the outside diameters of the respective rolling elements are always contacted at two points with the raceway surfaces of one race and the raceway surfaces of the other race .
a hydraulic hill hold control system for an automatic transmission for a vehicle adapted for the purpose of hill hold , wherein the supply of hydraulic pressure to the brake is interlocked with the shifting of the hydraulic speed stage switching system so that the brake is engaged only when the gear transmission mechanism is at a certain speed stage at which the brake is in any event engaged and therefore the engagement of the brake for hill hold does not interfere with the forward driving operation of the gear transmission mechanism .
a fan arrangement of a portable handheld work apparatus is driven by an internal combustion engine and includes a radial fan ( 1 ) which includes a fan wheel ( 5 ) and a spirally-shaped fan housing ( 6 ) which encloses the fan wheel ( 5 ) at least partially . a take-out opening ( 3 ) is provided in the radial fan ( 1 ) in the region of the moved air flow ( 2 ) for diverting a combustion air flow ( 4 ) for the engine . the combustion air flow ( 4 ) is branched off from the air flow ( 2 ) . in the radial direction outside of the fan wheel ( 5 ) , there is an aerodynamically formed guide ramp ( 7 ) provided in the air flow ( 2 ) which rises in the axial direction . the take-out opening ( 3 ) is arranged downstream of the guide ramp ( 7 ) .
an apparatus for connecting a steering column control module to a steering column of a vehicle comprises a bracket for mounting the steering column control module and a collet for interconnecting the bracket and the steering column . the collet snaps into engagement with the bracket and with the steering column . one of the bracket and the collet includes a first projection and the other of the bracket and the collet including a recess for receiving the first projection . the recess includes a second projection for engagement with the first projection when the first projection is received in the recess .
device and method of generating hydrogen from water and utilizing simultaneously the generated hydrogen gas as alternative fuel or supplemental for automotive and other engines as means to replace up to at least as much as 80 % of the hydro-carbon fuels used by such engines . the hydrogen generating device comprises an electrolytic cell or combination of two or more cells energized by a high density direct current of as much as 5,000 amperes , such electrical energy derived from the automotive engine by transforming mechanical energy to electrical energy by means of a direct current generator . the electrolytic cell or cells is supplied by a continuous feed water supply system . increased capacities are possible due to high amperage loads attainable by the electrolytic cell without overheating . this is necessary to produce the requisite amount of hydrogen gas fuel capable of operating automotive and other engines , for example , with a fuel mixture of hydrogen and only 20 % by volume of the gasoline fuel usually used in the engine , after a steady state condition is achieved . the electrolytic cell or cells are equipped with means to control energy load , water flow , gas flow , gas pressure , and presenting the hydrogen gas fuel into the combustion chambers of the automotive and other engines .
a method of controlling a continuously variable transmission which includes a fixed pulley member and a movable pulley member supported relative to the fixed pulley member so as to be movable both toward and away from the fixed pulley member , including the steps of decreasing and increasing the width of a groove defined between the pulley members to thereby respectively increase and decrease a rotational radius of a belt which is received between the pulley members in the groove . when a target engine rotational speed based on throttle opening degree and vehicle velocity changes during vehicle running , a transient speed change control is performed so as to change a belt ratio of the transmission based on a predetermined rate limit value . a control unit is provided for receiving the throttle opening degree and vehicle velocity and executing the transient speed change control . during execution of the transient speed change control , the rate limit value is changed in accordance with the throttle opening degree and vehicle velocity , the throttle opening is changed on the basis of vehicle velocity , and the final target engine rotational speed is changed on the basis of the rate limit value . a time limit for execution of transient control is set on the basis of the throttle opening degree and the vehicle velocity .
an aftertreatment system comprises a scr system . a mixing assembly is positioned upstream of the scr system and includes a housing defining a flow path for an exhaust gas . an injection port is defined on a first sidewall of the housing and oriented at a predetermined angle relative to a longitudinal axis of the flow path . a mixer is positioned within the flow path downstream of the injection port and includes a plurality of plates each positioned in the flow path . a first plate is positioned distal to the injection port and adjacent to a second sidewall of the housing opposite to the first sidewall . the first plate has a first length substantially longer than a length of the other plates and extends in a direction upstream of the mixer . an exhaust reductant injector is positioned on the first sidewall of the housing proximal to the injection port .
a high pressure subsea pipe , particularly for underwater use , has the ability to flex while being transported and installed . the pipe has a friction reinforcement structure made of overlapping layers increasing substantially the capacity of the pipe in longitudinal direction . the reinforcement layer may be a helical wrap , either cylindrical or conical , or conical sleeves nested within one another . an articulated carcass has turns of a helically wrapped main and ancillary wires , offering no axial slack in either tension or compression or in both directions while remaining flexible .
a solenoid operated valve is connected in series with a resistor and a ptc thermistor . upon coil energization , the armature moves to close the valve member against a valve seat and further armature movement to close an air gap with a pole piece is absorbed by a spring between the armature and valve member . upon closure of the air gap , the magnetic reluctance between the armature and pole piece is decreased such that significantly less current is required in the coil to hold the valve closed . upon heating of the thermistor , the resistance is increased sufficiently to reduce the current to the hold-close level and less power is required thereafter to maintain the valve closed . the valve is applied to on-board vehicle diagnostic procedures performed after engine shut-down where current must be minimized to prevent battery drain to a level preventing re-start .
a securable cover apparatus for trade show booths comprising a flexible cover ; a fastener mount attached to the flexible cover and a securable fastener having a rotating handle potion and a locking pin that is controlled by the handle portion . the fastener further includes a bracket wall with two guide members that are used to guide the fastener into a channel of the frame of the booth support structure . the securable cover apparatus is able to secure a trade show booth having a frame when the extending guide members of the securable fastener are slid between an opening in the frame and the locking pin is extended and rotated such that the frame of the tradeshow booth is positioned between flanges at the head of the locking pin and the bracket wall .
a multiline fluid swivel comprises a plurality of vertically mounted modules , each module containing a shaft and a housing which circumferentially surrounds the shaft . a conduit within the shaft and a manifold within the housing provide a continuous fluid path through each module . completing the fluid paths of the modules are fluid lines entering the base of each shaft and entering ports located on each housing .
a rotary shaft holding mechanism for a rotary variable element comprises a frame for rotatably supporting a rotary shaft of a rotary variable element such as a variable capacitor , a resilient member fixedly mounted to the frame for urging the rotary shaft toward the frame , and a retainer member fixedly mounted to the frame for rotatably supporting an externally adjusting end of the rotary shaft so as to rotatably hold the rotary shaft .
reinforced sealing ring for reception in a pipe joint between an annular groove-carrying socket end and an insert end . the sealing ring consists of a main body of rubber in which there is embedded an upsplit steel ring . the sealing ring is adapted to be elastically deformable to such a degree that it can be snapped into place in the annular groove of the socket end by a simple mounting operation while it can be prevented from being torn or pressed unintentionally outwards from the annular groove after mounting . in order to achieve this the main body has a largest external diameter of between 1.08d+16 mm and 1.04d+8 mm , while the cross-sectional diameter or thickness of the steel ring is between 0.01d+2 mm and 0.005d+1 mm , where d constitutes the diameter of the pipe . the steel ring is disposed embedded in a central and/or radially outer cross-sectional portion of the main body .
a brace for an archery bow is provided which safely keeps the bow in a cocked position for an extended period of time without fatigue . the brace has a front leg , a middle leg , a rear leg . in the cocked position , the brace legs are selectively prevented from pivoting longitudinally by first and second pivot stops . the coordination of the relative angles between the front , middle and rear brace legs provides the brace with stability to withstand the tension of shooting an arrow .
a seal assembly includes an annular hanger having a supporting ledge . an arcuate seal segment includes an outer rail mounted on the ledge and supporting an inner seal . an arcuate carrier is mounted between the hanger and the rail , and includes a piston mounted in a bore . the bore is selectively pressurized to deploy the piston between the hanger and rail for temporarily retracting the seal segment from an adjacent rotor component .
a fan includes a plurality of circumferentially spaced blades fixed on an end of a motor shaft . each of the blades includes a series of radially interconnected oblique planes which are all inclined circumferentially of the motor shaft in a direction so as to press or suck fluid when the motor shaft rotates . the outer one of any adjacent two of the oblique planes extends radially outwardly from the inner adjacent plane toward the other end of the motor shaft at an angle of less than 90 degrees so that the blades are generally l-shaped . the outermost one of the oblique planes of each of the blades is generally parallel to the motor shaft . thereby , fluid can be pressed or sucked axially and radially of the motor shaft to establish a generally semi-spherical fluid flow field .
the invention relates to a liquid crystal picture screen provided with a background lighting system which comprises at least one light source and a collimator formed by hourglass-shaped microprisms . the light of the light source can be effectively collimated within a desired angular range by means of the collimator .
a regenerative pump comprises a housing ( 1 ) , an impeller ( 5 ) within the housing ( 1 ) having a plurality of vanes ( 13 ) spaced angularly around the axis of rotation of the impeller ( 5 ) and accommodated within a flow channel ( 4 ) within the housing ( 1 ) extending between an inlet ( 19 ) and an outlet ( 20 ) , a flow stripper ( 17 ) located between the inlet ( 19 ) and outlet ( 20 ) and through which the vanes ( 13 ) pass , a fluid flow loop ( 27 ) in the stripper ( 17 ) which intersects the path of rotation of the vanes ( 13 ) , and control means ( 26 ) to control the flow of fluid through the loop ( 27 ) so as to vary the annular motion transferred to the fluid downstream of the stripper ( 17 ) , thereby to selectively vary the output of the pump . the flow stripper ( 17 ) comprises a land portion ( 21 ) upstream of the loop ( 27 ) which restricts direct fluid flow through the stripper ( 17 ) , and the control means ( 26 ) comprises valve means which controls a supply of fluid to the upstream end of the loop ( 27 ) . the supply of fluid to the loop ( 27 ) is tapped from a high pressure region of the pump possibly via a second fluid flow loop ( 22 ) in the stripper ( 17 ) .
a lean air/fuel ratio control device is provided for feeding the engine with a mixture of a desired lean air/fuel ratio for a given time from the time on which the engine is started . a stoichiometric air/fuel ratio control device is provided for feeding the engine with a mixture of a substantially stoichiometric air/fuel ratio once the given time passes . a temperature sensor is provided for sensing the temperature of cooling water of the engine at the time when the engine is just started . a control unit is provided for varying the given time in accordance with the temperature sensed by the temperature sensor . the given time may be varied in accordance with the activity of the oxygen sensor or the temperature of exhaust gas from the engine .
an apparatus is adapted to detect the linear extension of a hydraulic cylinder . the hydraulic cylinder defines a variable length coaxial resonant cavity . under the control of a controller , a transmitting section and a receiving section are used to determine the linear extension of the hydraulic cylinder . the controller detects two subsequent harmonics of the resonant frequency and responsively determines the resonant frequency . the linear extension is determined as a function of the resonant frequency .
object : to provide a sliding member with a low friction coefficient in which , when fine dents are formed in a surface of the sliding member by dimpling using a laser , no hard raised portions are generated , and which does not damage a mating member ; and to provide a process for producing the sliding member.solution means : a sliding member comprising a polyamide resin and 10 to 50 wt % of a fibrous filler selected from the group consisting of carbon fibers , aramid fibers , and whiskers , and having fine dents formed in a sliding surface thereof by dimpling using a laser ; and a process for producing a sliding member comprising adding 10 to 50 wt % of a fibrous filler selected from the group consisting of carbon fibers , aramid fibers , and whiskers to a polyamide resin , and forming fine dents in a sliding surface of the sliding member by dimpling using a laser .
to avoid a difficulty of inserting a spline shaft into a spline hole , respective holding members 29 constituting a holding device 28 for holding a hub 3 are displaced in a radial inward direction of a small diameter stepped portion 15 . the inner peripheral surface of the inside end of an original hole 25 is elastically deformed radially inward the same as or slightly greater than the elastic deformation caused by externally securing tightly an inner ring to the small diameter stepped portion 15 . in this condition , a female spline portion for constituting a spline hole is formed in the original hole 25 .
the invention concerns a piston compressor , particularly a hermetic refrigerant compressor , with a compression chamber , which is limited by a valve plate arrangement having a valve plate with a suction gas opening and a pressure gas opening , a suction valve plate with a suction valve element , and a pressure valve plate with a pressure valve element . it is endeavored to achieve a good efficiency combined with a simple assembly . for this purpose , it is ensured that the pressure valve plate and the suction valve plate are located on the side of the valve plate facing the compression chamber .
an electric motor is connected via cog belt to a dual purpose pulley on the water pump of an automobile , to increase power available from the engine so that during racing maximum horsepower can be achieved . enhanced cooling of the engine is also obtained .
a pipe wall casting for installation in a poured concrete tank wall . the length of the wall casting is equal to the wall thickness , and the ends of the wall casting are grooved or shouldered for use with standard split-clamp couplings . a radially spaced annular shroud surrounds each end of the connector to provide an access well having clearance for installing or removing a split-clamp coupling . an integral water-stop flange around the outside of the shroud has outwardly extending tabs provided with rigging holes for mounting the wall casting on a free-standing support structure independently of the formwork for the concrete wall .
a gas turbine power plant has coolant injected into the combustors in order to reduce the level of nitrogen oxide produced by the combustion of natural gas fuel and/or oil . a control system controls injection of coolant into the combustors in order to reduce nox emissions , while improving turbine cycle efficiency and avoiding the possibility of over-injection of coolant to the point of flame-out in the combustor . pid controllers are used to provide percentage error bias in the control system , whereby adjustment of coolant injection follows turbine load in a manner that increases turbine efficiency .
in an internal combustion engine diagnosis apparatus comprising a cleanup catalyst arranged on an exhaust pipe of an internal combustion engine and an hc adsorption catalyst arranged downstream of and in parallel to the cleanup catalyst , degradation and failure of the hc adsorption catalyst is accurately diagnosed . the internal combustion engine diagnosis apparatus comprising the cleanup catalyst arranged in the exhaust pipe of the internal combustion engine ; and the hc adsorption catalyst arranged in parallel to and downstream of the cleanup catalyst , during high temperature period the hc adsorption catalyst desorbing and cleaning up hc desorbed during low temperature period , wherein degradation of the hc adsorption catalyst is diagnosed based on a gradient of temperature of the hc adsorption catalyst during a period when temperature of the hc adsorption catalyst is within a range of 50â° c. to 250â° c .
an installation assembly for installing and/or removing a ball into and/or from a valve body of a top entry ball valve includes a valve body having at least one blind bore disposed on an opposite side of the ball chamber from the entry opening and a ball installation tool adapted to interact with the blind bore so as to compress a spring disposed inside the ball chamber substantially axially . a top entry ball valve is arranged with such a valve body . the ball installation tool may be used to install and/or remove a ball from the valve body .
a lighting device for vehicle includes a base defining an interior space therein and having an open end . the base forms a circumferential groove in and around the open end . a hole is defined in a bottom wall of the groove . a light-transmitting cover has a corrugated flange received in the groove of the base for attaching the cover to the open end of the base for covering the open end . a recess is defined in the flange and substantially aligned with the hole . a plurality of projections is formed on an inside surface of the cover and spaced along an inner circumference of the cover . a primary lighting element , such as a conventional automobile headlight bulb , is fixed in the interior space of the base for projecting a light beam through the cover . a secondary lighting element , such as color light emitting diode ( led ) , is received in the recess of the cover through the hole of the base whereby light emitted from the secondary lighting element is guided to the projections and projected outward therefrom to form a ring of lighting around the primary lighting element for enhancing the lighting effect of the primary lighting element and also providing effects of alarming , decoration and identification .
an information reader of an injection container that includes a container clamping mechanism clamping side portions of the injection container , the container clamping mechanism includes a pair of first clamping bodies arranged on one side of the side portions of the injection container , and a second clamping body capable of entering between the pair of the first clamping bodies . each of the pair of the first clamping bodies includes a first clamping unit having a first recess in an approximate doglegged shape , and a first arm portion projecting approximately horizontally from a lower end portion of the first clamping unit . the second clamping body includes a second clamping unit having a second recess in an approximately reverse doglegged shape formed to face against the first recess , and a second arm portion projecting approximately horizontally from a lower end portion of the second clamping unit .
a platform launched or dropped self guided munition is disclosed . the munition comprises a body and flight control mechanism operative therewith , the body housing ( a ) an onboard guidance system for controlling the flight control mechanism , so as to guide the self guided munition to a target ; and ( b ) an impact verification assembly including ( i ) a processing unit for receiving and processing information from the onboard guidance system , the information pertaining to an in-flight trajectory position of the self guided munition prior to impact , the processing unit further being for generating a signal including information pertaining to an accuracy , with respect to the target , of the in-flight trajectory position of the self guided munition prior to impact ; and ( ii ) a transmitter being in communication with the processing unit , the transmitter being for transmitting the signal generated by the processing unit in a manner receivable by a receiving device of the platform .
disclosed is an underwater gas generator projectile launcher which includes tubular barrel having a forward muzzle end and an opposed rearward end . a projectile is positioned in this tubular barrel adjacent the forward end . an expellable closure for the forward muzzle end of the barrel means is provided . a projectile propelling piston assembly is positioned in the tubular barrel and includes a shell axially movable in the tubular barrel . this piston includes a shell having a front wall adjacent the projectile and an opposed rear wall which encloses the rearward end of the tubular barrel . this interior space is traversely segmented into a front chamber and a rear chamber by an interior plate , and this interior plate is positionable in a stationary position relative to said tubular barrel . a gas generator is positioned in the front chamber of the interior space . when the gas generator is activated , force is simultaneously applied to the front wall of the shell and the interior plate of the projectile propellant piston to move the shell of said piston in a forward direction to propel the projectile from said tubular barrel . external ocean pressure on the closure for the forward muzzle end of the tubular muzzle is equalized by force extracted in the opposite direction on the rear wall of the moveable shell by external ocean pressure .
an inner race and boot sleeve combination is provided . the inner race has an inner surface with a groove formed therein . the boot sleeve has a groove in an outer surface . a ring is located in both grooves to axially secure the inner race and boot sleeve together . devices to prevent relatively rotation between the inner race and the boot sleeve are also provided .
a micro pump having at least one pump member for conveying a fluid by action of pressure includes a pump unit formed by at least one actuator member for generating a pressure fluctuation and a fluid channel in which the fluid flows . the actuator member provided with a cell formed by disposing two side walls made of piezoelectric/electrostrictive elements or antiferrodielectric elements on a connecting plate , and covering a surface facing the connecting plate between the side walls with a cover plate . the actuator member selectively forms the fluid channel and generates pressure fluctuation in the fluid channel member due to displacement of the cell caused by expansion/contraction of the side walls . the micro pump is small and thin in size , while attaining increasing fluid ejection amounts , and a thigh speed in response .
a ball valve or the like for high pressure operation having a connection between the actuating stem and the body wall which allows tipping of the ball valve under pressure into tight sealing engagement with the sealing ring at the outlet end of the valve . the actuating stem is sealed to a first ring but has clearance with the valve body , and the ring is attached by a bellows or the like , which in turn is connected to the valve body , so that the stem may tip slightly with respect to the valve body . pac background and summary of the invention
a charge air cooler arrangement , a charge air cooler tank , and method are disclosed . the charge air cooler arrangement includes a charge air cooler having an operable thermal transfer area configured to transfer heat from inside the charge air cooler to outside of the charge air cooler . the charge air cooler arrangement may also include a valve configured to change the operable thermal transfer area from a relatively large area to a relatively small area .
an oil-operated tensioner is constructed with an internal cylinder which receives a rod in such a way that the rod itself serves as a piston , and the diameter of the high pressure chamber formed by the rod and the cylinder is the same as that of the rod . this configuration eliminates changes in the volume of the low pressure oil chamber of the tensioner , maintains substantially constant oil pressure in the low pressure chamber , and substantially reduces the tendency of air to be drawn into the low pressure chamber as a result of flow of oil out of the low pressure chamber when the rod moves in the protruding direction . a piston on the rod in the low pressure chamber , but spaced from the wall of the chamber by a gap , exerts a positive pressure on the oil as the rod moves in the protruding direction to provide further assurance against the entry of air . a valve incorporated into the piston closes as the rod advances and opens when the rod retracts , thereby preventing the piston from causing a negative oil pressure and drawing air past the seal into the low pressure oil chamber .
a device for motor vehicles and a motor vehicle . the motor vehicle includes a support structure , which is mounted in the vehicle , and a steering wheel , which is rotatably connected to the support structure . the device includes a control unit and a sensor device , which is connected to the control unit . the sensor device is adapted to sense vibrations in the steering wheel and to provide a sensor signal related to the sensed vibrations . an actuator device is connected to the control unit and adapted to influence vibrations in the vehicle . the control unit is adapted to control the actuator device , with regard to the sensor signal , to act on the vehicle in such a way that a desired vibration character in the steering wheel is obtained .
a method is disclosed for removing a seal that is fixed in a groove of a component . a highly pressurised jet of liquid is aimed at the seal or between the seal to free it from the groove . the method is particularly suitable for freeing a sealing strip in a rotor or in a housing of a turbine-type machine , and is considerably less time-consuming and expensive than the twisting-off method that has been used up until now .
a transmission mounted in a housing and including a hydrostatic pump and motor mounted on a center section , having a motor shaft engaged to and driven by the hydraulic motor . an axle may also be mounted in the housing . the center section is secured to the housing using a plurality of bolts or other fasteners having a longitudinal axis parallel to the motor shaft and for the axle .
a system for feeding fuel from a supply tank to an internal combustion engine , having a feed unit which is preceded by a disklike fuel filter and followed by an annular fuel filter . for the sake of simplified installation of the feed system in the tank , a common filter housing is provided , with which the feed unit , the upstream disk filter and the downstream ring filter are integrated .
a fuel injector for supplying fuel to an engine has an elongated body in which is defined a bore at one end of which is formed a seating . located with clearance within the bore is a fuel pressure actuated elongated valve member which at one end is shaped for co-operation with the seating . at its other end the valve member is guided for movement by a guide bush which is able to move radially to a limited extent in the body . between the guide bush and the seating the valve member has an enlargement which co-operates with the wall of the bore to ensure that the valve member remains concentric with the seating as it moves away from the seating . the guide bush is conveniently formed by an outer bush and an inner bush with the inner bush able to move axially relative to the outer bush . the fuel pressure at the inlet of the injector acts on the inner bush to assist the initial movement of the valve member away from the seating .
a fixing element for fixing in a through hole accessible only from one side comprises an upsettable sleeve with a flange-like end and an insert member which is disposed in the sleeve and which has a flange-like head , the outside diameter of which is substantially equal to the outside diameter of the sleeve , with the underside of the head of the insert member being connected to the adjoining end face of the sleeve by direct contact therewith for the transmission of pressure therebetween , the sleeve can be deformed to produce a bead-like configuration by a axial pulling from applied to the insert member . there is a material bonding connection such as spot welds between the outer periphery of the insert member and the inner periphery of the sleeve in the end region thereof . in the region of the connection the sleeve comprises a round shank portion while in its deformable region it has a portion of polygonal section .
a system for providing integrated detection and countermeasures against unmanned aerial vehicles include a detecting element , an location determining element and an interdiction element . the detecting element detects an unmanned aerial vehicle in flight in the region of , or approaching , a property , place , event or very important person . the location determining element determines the exact location of the unmanned aerial vehicle . the interdiction element can either direct the unmanned aerial vehicle away from the property , place , event or very important person in a non-destructive manner , or can cause disable the unmanned aerial vehicle in a destructive manner .
a led lamp includes an optically transmissive enclosure and a base connected to the enclosure . leds are mounted on a ribbon for emitting light when energized though an electrical path from the base . the mounting ribbon for the leds has a surface that is positioned adjacent an interior surface of the enclosure for transmitting heat from the plurality of leds to the enclosure .
an hydraulic servo device for a friction brake in a planetary transmission for motor vehicles contains a cylinder with stepped interior wall , a stationary dividing wall that has a hole and divides the interior of the cylinder into two regions , one piston in each of the two regions formed by the dividing wall , and a hollow piston rod that passes through the hole of the dividing wall and connects the two pistons . the wall of the cylinder has passages , through which a pressure medium enters or exits the cylinder , in each one of the regions formed by the dividing wall . the pistons in each of the regions of the cylinder divides each of the regions into an application-pressure chamber and a release-pressure chamber , forming four chambers in the order of an application-pressure chamber , a release-pressure chamber , an application-pressure chamber , and a release-pressure chamber . the hollow piston rod has openings which allow the pressure medium to enter or exit the piston rod and the application-pressure chambers . one of the ends of the piston rod is connected to the friction brake . the pressure caused by the inflow of the pressure medium moves the two pistons , which because of the rigid connecting rod , move with the same speed and direction , and the connecting rod , which engages or releases the friction brake , depending on the direction of the two pistons ' motion .
in a method of regenerating a nox adsorber , the nox adsorber is used to treat exhaust gases created during the combustion of gaseous fuels in general . methane is introduced into a reformer or exhaust line in which hydrogen generated during reforming is used to regenerate the nox absorber .
an electronic shift control lever assembly that transmits signal indicating a driver 's desired gear selection to a variety of types of vehicle 's transmissions in one form includes a steering column mounted shift lever . the shift lever is actuatable by the driver to signal a gear selection .
a built-up airgap-insulated exhaust manifold of an exhaust system of a motor vehicle includes at least two exhaust pipes with an inlet flange attached in each case to one end and to be fastened to the cylinder head of an internal combustion engine of a motor vehicle . the exhaust pipes include a pipe bend and at least one branched pipe piece connected to the latter . if a plurality of branched pipe pieces are arranged they are connected to one another in a row and the last pipe piece in the row forms a header connected at one end to the exhaust tract leading further on in the exhaust system . the exhaust manifold has at least one exhaust pipe , which is designed as a double pipe with airgap insulation between an outer and an inner pipe , and possessing at least one exhaust pipe without an air insulation gap . the outer pipe and the inner pipe of the airgap-insulated exhaust pipe bear against one another at the end which is plugged together with and welded to an associated inlet flange .
in a method for the monitoring of a monitored zone next to and/or in an apparatus having at least one driven movable part , video images are used which were detected in time sequence by at least two video cameras whose fields of view overlap at least partly in an overlap region in the monitored zone . on the basis of the first video images detected by a first one of the video cameras , a first recognition and/or tracking of virtual objects is carried out and , on the basis of the second video images detected by a second one of the video cameras , a second recognition and/or tracking of virtual objects is carried out , the virtual objects corresponding to real objects at least in the overlap region . for the classification and/or determination of the position and/or the movement of at least one real object in the overlap region , virtual objects corresponding to the real object from the first and second virtual object recognition and/or tracking processes are determined and data determined in each case for both virtual objects on their virtual object recognition and/or tracking are evaluated . at least one monitoring signal is formed in dependence on the evaluation .
a pallet rack safety net system comprises two parallel horizontal wire ropes that are stretched along the top and bottom edges of a shelf opening . a pair of hung left and right screens of flexible netting are attached between the top and bottom wire ropes so that they can be horizontally separated at the middle of the shelf opening . the inside vertical edges of each screen are finished with a metal bar and a clasp so the screens can be latched together at the middle . the outside left and right edges of the screens are secured to the outside of the shelf opening . if used on a top shelf that has no supports at each side of the opening , a pair of support posts are included that hold aloft the top horizontal wire rope . a network of stays and guys are used to reinforce each such post .
the invention relates to a hydraulic shock absorber with two-way action , in which two pistons ( 18 , 19 ) , one for each direction of motion , act in a housing ( 1 ) . the pistons ( 18 , 19 ) are movable relative to each other in , or with , a pressure tube ( 6 ) . equalizing elements ( 4 , 5 ) are provided at the ends . the pistons ( 18 , 19 ) are each provided with a piston rod . the piston rods are provided with seals ( 38 , 39 ) which are nearly completely relieved of pressure .
a wind power facility having a plurality of wind power installations , the wind power installations connected to a current voltage network into which the electrical current generated is fed or delivered that , independent of the currently prevailing amount of wind and the active power that is thus available from the wind power installation , a constant apparent power is always delivered into the network . a device for regulating the power to be delivered to a current voltage network is provided so that the regulation is so adjusted to have a constant apparent power always fed to the network .
an alignment apparatus includes a first support member having a reference surface which movably supports an object , a driving unit which moves the object in at least one direction on the reference surface and aligns the object at a predetermined position , and a second support member which is provided separately from the first support member and supports a heating unit of the driving unit through a bearing .
a gas compressor , particularly of the kind for boosting pressure in gas transmission and petro chemical process , has an impeller mounted on an impeller shaft of the overhung type mounted on front and rear bearings and having at least one impeller mounted between the front bearing and a front end of the shaft . annular seals are provided co-axial with the shaft which separate an inner space communicating with the shaft front end from the suction end gas space which lies outside the seals . the seals include an outer seal and an inner dry gas seal . pressurized process gas is supplied between these seals at a pressure higher than suction pressure and is vented from the inner gas space at a pressure well below suction pressure to limit gas pressure forces on the front end of the shaft .
a wavelength conversion member includes : a heat conducting layer ; a sapphire substrate having a third surface directly contact with a second surface of the heat conducting layer and the fourth surface opposite to the third surface ; and a phosphor layer having a fifth surface directly contact with the fourth surface and a sixth surface opposite to the fifth surface , the phosphor layer including phosphor . at least one of an area of a first surface and an area of the second surface of the heat conducting layer is at least 2800 times as large as an area of the sixth surface of the phosphor layer . at least one of an area of the third surface and an area of the fourth surface of the sapphire substrate is at least two times as large as the area of the sixth surface of the phosphor layer .
a heat dissipation structure for led lighting includes a light seat , a support body , a cap body and a lens . a heat sink and a fan are assembled on the support body and disposed in the opening of the light seat . the cap body has a first open end and a second open end . at least one air outlet is formed on the cap body in adjacency to the first open end . at least one air inlet is formed on the cap body at the second open end . the fan serves to forcedly drive airflow from the air inlet into the light seat and then drive the airflow to multiple radiating fins of the heat sink so as to directly carry the heat from the radiating fins to outer side through the air outlet . accordingly , the heat dissipation effect is enhanced and the noise is reduced .
a flexible buckle arrestor ( 20 ) is provided at somewhat regular intervals ( l ) along the length of a pipeline ( 10 ) as it is being laid underwater for arresting the propagation of any buckle ( 22 ) that may occur in the pipeline during or after pipeline laying operations . the buckle arrestor is comprised of a rod ( 20a ) tightly wound around the pipe to form a number of spaced apart turns , the ends ( 20a and 20b ) of which are secured either to the rod itself , to the pipe , or to the rod and pipe to prevent the turns from expanding while a buckle propagating in the pipe is arrested . the turns may be individual and unconnected , with each turn welded to itself , to the pipe , or itself and the pipe . the rod may be wound on the pipe as it is being payed out from a reel , or may be wound on the pipe before it is placed on the pipe laying vessel , particularly when a concrete coating ( 24 ) is applied to sections welded together as the pipe is laid . the flexibility of the arrestors thus formed at regular intervals will allow the pipe to conform to natural bends as it is laid .
a sliding stem control valve includes a valve body , a seat ring located within the valve body and a valve plug slidably mounted within the valve body , the valve plug and the valve seat cooperating to control fluid flow through the control valve . a composite seal assembly is located between the valve plug and the valve seat , the composite seal assembly includes a composite seal ring located between a first backup ring and a second backup ring . a biasing element is located adjacent the second backup ring and a retainer ring is located adjacent the biasing element to maintain the biasing element adjacent the second backup ring .
the present invention provides a hermetic or open compressor for hydrocarbon refrigerant having high reliability . according to the present invention , in the compressor using hydrocarbon as refrigerant , synthetic oil such as polyalkylene glycol oil , ester oil or ether oil is used as freezer oil . sliding member of the compressor includes both a portion made of aluminum material and a portion made of iron material . therefore , it is possible to realize a compressor having excellent wear resistance and high reliability .
this disclosure is directed to electrical connectors , and more specifically to various types of electrical connectors , including an offset nipple connector assembly having an integrally formed connector body having opposed end openings provided with an outer surface that slopes downwardly toward the outlet opening and having a complementary sloping or frustro-conical , snap fit , outer , retaining ring with locking tangs for snap locking the end portion of the connector body to an associated electric box or panel , and grounding tangs engaging the inner periphery of a knock out hole of an electric box or panel for effecting a positive electrical ground therebetween .
precise information is obtainable concerning the position of a fluid-fluid interface ( 28 , 33 ) , such as between a gas and a liquid or between liquids . such information is important for the control and automation of molten metal refining processes . specifically , in an electrolytic process for removing magnesium from molten aluminum , knowledge of the vertical position of an interface ( 33 ) between the electrolyte and the magnesium and an interface ( 28 ) between the electrolyte and the aluminum facilitates the automatic removal of the purified metals when drained or drawn from the furnace . heat energy is conducted through a thermocouple-heater assembly 34 to a thermocouple ( 38 ) located at its tip ( 36 ) . the equilibrium temperature at the thermocouple junction is dependent upon the heat loss through tip ( 36 ) . when the tip comes in contact with a fluid of different thermal conductivity , as between molten matter ( 29 ) and electrolyte ( 30 ) , the equilibrium temperature at tip ( 36 ) and , thus , of the thermocouple junction will change . this change in temperature is used to determine the level of the liquid-liquid interface between molten matter ( 29 ) and electrolyte ( 30 ) . this information is used to determine when the drawing of further molten material from the furnace is to be terminated , so that aluminum purified in the refining process and previously drawn through an outlet ( 26 ) will not be contaminated .
a collection valve for use in a water reclamation system is provided . the collection valve comprises ( i ) a drain pipe connectable to a drain line in which gray water flows , the drain pipe comprising an inlet pipe , a medial pipe , and an outlet pipe ; the medial pipe having a first opening rotatable from a first position to a second position ; ( ii ) a valve plug pipe , surrounding the medial pipe , having an second opening ; and ( iii ) an actuator assembly for rotating the medial pipe between the first and second positions . rotating the medial pipe to the first position causes the first opening to be in alignment with the second opening causing gray water to drain into a tank . rotating the medial pipe to the second position misaligns the first and second opening causing fluid passing through the medial pipe or drain to a sewer or septic tank .
a self-propelled forage harvester includes front and rear sets of driven ground wheels . the front set of wheels is driven through a transmission including an input shaft driven by a variable displacement motor and coupled to the front set of wheels by a gear train including one planetary gear set , ( in one embodiment ) , and two planetary gear sets , ( in a second embodiment ) . in both cases , the transmission is shiftable so as to establish at least first and second gear ratios . the shifting of the transmission is accomplished automatically by a control arrangement which takes into account the operating mode of the harvester so that a ratio for producing the correct velocity range for harvesting is established when the harvester is in a working operating mode , and a higher velocity range is established when the harvester is in a transport operating mode . other operating parameters are sensed and used to automatically control hydraulic pump and/or motor displacement , and for controlling engine speed .
a method of producing a high vacuum in a vacuum container which has an exst connection line connected thereto and using an interior protective covering for the walls of the container and a protective gas comprises , applying covering to the interior of the container so as to shield the inner walls thereof and to also shield the exhaust connection thereto , directing a protective gas into the space between the covering the interior walls of the container , preferably during the flooding in which the container is opened , and thereafter evacuating the interior of the container through the exhaust connection and heating the covering . the vacuum treatment device , such as a device for evaporating materials from vapor deposition , comprises a closed container having interior walls with a thin-walled metal sheet forming a covering arranged in spaced relationship to the interior walls so as to shield a major area of the walls and to define a space between the walls and the covering . a connecting line for introducing a protective gas into the container in the space between the walls and the covering is provided , and in addition an exhaust gas line is connected to the container and to an evacuating pump for evacuating the container . a thin-walled metal screen is arranged in the container and shields at least a portion of the exhaust line , and heater means are provided for heating both the covering and the shield .
a modular led power supply is provided . the modular led power supply includes a docking module having a plurality of grooves for receiving a plurality of power supply driver modules . the plurality of power supply driver modules are modular in nature and are attached to the plurality of grooves in the docking module based on the power requirements , also , the modular led power supply includes a supervisory module for analyzing and controlling the number of power supply driver modules required to be attached to the docking module .
the invention relates to a flexible tube device , which is repeatedly reshapable by action of reshaping forces comprising bending forces and which has the capability of substantially maintaining its shape received by the reshaping as the forces are released . this device is characterized in that the device ( 1 ) comprises a flexible part comprising a flexible inner hose ( 3 ) and/or a flexible outer hose , which may surround the flexible inner hose ( 3 ) and be provided along substantially the entire flexible part and preferably inside the outer hose , outside the inner hose or between the outer hose and the inner hose , a bend stiffening member ( 4 ) which is plastically deformable at the reshaping of the tube device and which after the removal of the reshaping forces substantially retains the shape received by the plastic deformation and thereby substantially determines the shape of the tube device .
improvements in fuel heating apparatus for internal combustion engines utilizing hot water from the engine cooling system as the heat exchanging medium ; improvements in hydrocarbon fuel heaters and preheaters for internal combustion engines utilizing a heat exchanging jacket or sleeve on the feed line between the fuel pump and carburetor ; simplified , improved heat exchangers for preheating fuel fed to an internal combustion engine employing a heat exchanging jacket on the feed line between the fuel pump and the carburetor with but a single flow passage circulating hot water from the engine block cooling system form the bleed to the heater or after the heater before the water pump to and from the jacket .
an integral ring shaped seal of flexible elastomer material includes one or more oppositely peripherally disposed ridges and grooves for effecting sealing between telescoping male and female conduits , useful in air conditioning and heating ducts for commercial and military aircraft . the ridge ( s ) is absorbed into the flexible seal body due to compensation provided by the groove ( s ) which also disappears , thereby insuring sealing against vapor and fluid leakage throughout a broad temperature and pressure range .
a bicycle sprocket assembly comprises a first sprocket , a second sprocket , a first intervening member , and a second intervening member . the first sprocket includes a first sprocket body and a first chain-engagement structure . the second sprocket includes a second sprocket body and a second chain-engagement structure . the first intervening member is positioned between the first sprocket and the second sprocket in an axial direction parallel to a rotational center axis . the second intervening member is positioned between the first sprocket and the second sprocket in the axial direction . the second intervening member is provided radially outwardly from the first intervening member with respect to the rotational center axis . the second intervening member is attached to at least one of the first sprocket and the second sprocket and has an elongated shape extending along a first reference plane perpendicular to the rotational center axis .
an annular frame has an outer and an inner wall defining a space therebetween and a plurality of wheels rotatably mounted on said walls . carriages for carrying material to be cooled are located in said space adjacent each other . each carriage has a pair of aligned pins fixedly connected thereto and turnably mounted in the frame , and a pair of levers fixedly connected at one end to the pins and extending transverse to the pins axes . roller followers are fixedly mounted at the other ends of the lever . a pair of annular guide rails support the plurality of the wheels rotably mounted on the walls of the frame and are engaged by the roller followers . each guide rail has in a zone of unloading of the carriages a downwardly curving portion . during riding of the roller followers over this portion the respective carriages tilt about the axes of the pins to thereby discharge the material from the carriages .
a locking differential assembly with a differential case , a gearset , a first dog , a second dog and a thrust member . the differential case has a mounting hub . the gearset is disposed in the differential case and has a side gear . the first dog is coupled to the side gear . the thrust member is slidably supported on the mounting hub and has projections that extend through apertures in the differential case and engage the second dog .
1 . a flechette cartridge comprising an external cartridge casing , an internal flechette projectile having protruding stabilizing surfaces , a plurality of individual sabot segments encompassing said projectile and intermeshing with the said protruding stabilizing surfaces to align said projectile with the bore of the firearm in which said cartridge is fired , said projectile-sabot segmented unit having an axial length greater than the axial length of the protruding stabilizing surfaces on said projectile thus supporting the forward portion of the projectile against buckling as the unit proceeds down the bore of the firearm , said sabot segments when intermeshed with said projectile forming a circle of diameter equal to or greater than the diametric circle encompassing the said protruding stabilizing surfaces , explosive means to propel said projectile and suitable means to support said projectile and segmented sabots against thrust of the powder gases and to obturate said powder gases .
a control system for controlling spark timing of the engine is to control the retarding of the spark timing at the time of accelerating in anticipation . the amount of retarding the spark timing at the time of accelerating is set larger when the torque converter is provided in a driving system of the engine than when no torque converter is provided . a preferred feature is such that the amount of retarding the spark timing at the time of accelerating is set so as to be decreased gradually from its given initial value and that the retarding of the spark timing is suspended when the retarding amount reaches a value smaller than a given reset value . both the initial value and the reset value are set to be greater when the torque converter is equipped than those when no torque converter is equipped .
the invention relates to a coupling for hoses for media under pressure . the coupling includes a female part and a nipple . the nipple fits into the female part . a lock ball is provided for locking the nipple in the connected position with the female part . a locking sleeve is spring-loaded toward a locking position in which it holds the ball lock in the engagement position . the locking sleeve can be moved , counter to the spring-loading , to a release position in which the ball lock is released . the movement of the locking sleeve to the release position includes both rotation about the longitudinal axis of the coupling and axial displacement parallel to this axis .
a vehicle exhaust device including a rear silencer disposed at the rear portion of a vehicle , a large-capacity silencer having a capacity larger than that of the rear silencer and disposed below a passenger compartment of the vehicle , and an intermediate silencer disposed substantially at the middle of an exhaust tube interconnecting the rear silencer and the large-capacity silencer . with the vehicle exhaust device thus arranged , exhaust noises can be attenuated at a position near an engine forming a noise source , i.e. , at the early stage of transmission and with substantially reduced length-dependent resonance of the exhaust tube .
an internal combustion engine with a 2-stage charge loading includes a connection conduit with a supercharger intercooler provided between the compressors of the low pressure stage and high pressure stage . the supercharger intercooler is configured via a cooling unit in the charge air guiding connection conduit between the compressor of the atl-low pressure stage and the compressor of the atl-high pressure stage having a cooling medium flowing therethrough as well as by a specially configured section of the connection conduit . the connection conduit in this section forms with its wall the outer wall of the supercharger intercooler and delimits an air through-put volume sufficient to effect , via a cooling medium flowing through the cooling unit , an acceptable cooling of charge air flowing through the cooling unit that is built into the connection conduit .
a brake having axially-expanding brake shoes , comprises an actuating block radially located in a peripheral annular groove formed in a rotating member . the actuating block possesses along its axis , a plurality of cylinders in which slide pistons which apply the brake shoes against the braking surfaces formed by the opposite radially-extending faces of the groove . according to the invention , the actuating block comprises a single , solid , center support plate , and the ends of the cylinders project axially over the transverse faces of this support plate .
a seal segment includes a flapper seal , a wire mesh acting as a hinge for the flapper seal , and a spring . the flapper seal has a first surface and a second surface . the wire mesh includes a first section connected to the first surface of the flapper seal and a second section connected to the first section . the spring includes a first end that is in contact with the first section of the wire mesh to apply pressure to the first surface of the flapper seal and a second end adjacent the second section of the wire mesh .
a method of assembling suction accumulators is provided . a suction accumulator as employed in a refrigeration system conventionally comprises a cylindrical casing , a pair of end closures therefor , an inlet tube , an outlet tube , and a stand pipe . in applicant 's assembly process , the inlet and outlet tubes are constructed essentially of copper . the assembly method of this invention is practiced by securing the stand pipe with end cap attached to the top end closure , preferably furnace brazing the end closures to the cylindrical casing , inspecting the metering orifice in the end cap of the stand pipe by viewing the same through the open top end of the stand pipe , and inserting the inlet and outlet tubes through openings in the top end closure and brazing them to said closure by induction or furnace brazing techniques . the disclosed assembly method may also be practiced with a heat exchanger -- suction accumulator combination .
an automatic pistol , with at least a barrel ( 1 ) and a slide ( 2 ) that move relative to the rest of the firearm and to each other , whereby the barrel extends through an alignment channel ( 3 ) in the slide . the weapon included means ( 4 ) of centering the barrel around at least one axis through the slide such that the barrel will not jam . the means are elastic and resilient and rest lightly against the inner surface of the channel before the weapon is discharged .
an oil temperature responsive hydraulic control system for an automatic transmission includes a hydraulic servo for applying/releasing a frictional engagement element ; a pressure regulator valve for regulating oil pressure fed to the hydraulic servo ; and a signal pressure oil passage for applying a pressure regulating signal pressure to the pressure regulator valve . a control valve is arranged in the signal pressure oil passage for changing the effective diameter of the signal pressure oil passage responsive to change in oil temperature .
a system for overriding an emd locomotive engine protective device which includes a low water pressure sensing device in communication with the engine cooling system for shutting down the engine when low water pressure in the engine is sensed , the override system comprising a water assist pump connected to a source of water and communicating with the protective device for supplying pressurized water to the low water pressure sensing device to maintain relatively high water pressure to prevent the device from shutting down the engine ; and a controller for activating the water assist pump during start up of the engine .
in a hydrostatic device using an axial piston pump , a return plate is mounted so that it contacts the movable swash plate of the hydrostatic transmission . the plate is biased by a spring-type mechanism to force the swash plate to return to neutral , and the set position of the plate may be externally adjusted . a bias arm comprising a generally u-shaped member having spring mounted on either leg thereof may be engaged to the return plate .
a combined cycle electric power plant includes two gas turbines , a steam turbine , and a digital control system with an operator analog or manual backup . each of the gas turbines has an exhaust heat recovery steam generator connected to a common header from which the steam is supplied by one or both of the steam generators for operating the steam turbine . the control system is of the sliding pressure type and maintains a predetermined steam pressure as a function of steam flow according to a predetermined characterization depending on the number of steam generators in service to limit the maximum steam velocity through the steam generators , and reduce the probability of water carryover into the steam turbine . such control is always maintained by the bypass valve . the turbine control valve responds to the speed/load demand only , except when the bypass valve is closed and the rate of steam generation is insufficient to maintain a predetermined pressure flow relationship .
an apparatus for controlling injection of a chemical liquid in which the chemical liquid is basically injected into a boiler ( 1 ) filled with can water by actuating a chemical liquid supplying means ( 5 ) for a basic injection period ( t2 ) . after the basic injection period ( t2 ) has passed , an accumulative operating period ( t3 ) of water supplying means ( 4 ) is measured . during a period for which the accumulative operating period ( t3 ) is smaller than the basic injection period ( t2 ) , the supply of chemical liquid is inhibited . when the accumulative operating period ( t3 ) becomes greater than the basic injection period ( t2 ) , the chemical liquid is injected at a constant ratio to an amount of water supplied .
a fluid system ( 10 ) has a shutoff valve ( 13 ) positioned between a fluid tank ( 11 ) and the intake side of a pump ( 12 ) . the valve ( 13 ) includes a valve spool ( 21 ) movable between a first position at which an inlet port ( 18 ) connected to the fluid tank ( 11 ) is blocked from communication with an outlet port ( 19 ) connected to an intake side of the pump ( 12 ) and a second position at which the inlet port ( 18 ) is in communication with the outlet port ( 19 ) . a passage ( 26 ) connects the outlet port ( 19 ) to a first chamber ( 23 ) at one end of the valve spool ( 21 ) while a port ( 27 ) connects the discharge side of the pump ( 12 ) to a second chamber ( 24 ) at the opposite end of the valve spool ( 21 ) . a spring ( 29 ) resiliently urges the valve spool ( 21 ) to the first position .
a forced-air furnace for burning gas or fuel oil or waste oil utilizes relatively few components and effectively heats air for space-heating purposes . the furnace includes a substantially enclosed , elongated housing having an air intake and an air discharge vent and a hollow elongated heat exchanger/combustion chamber which is supported within so as to extend axially along the housing . the furnace also includes a fuel burner assembly supported at the discharge end of the housing for directing a flame and attending combustion products directly into the heat exchanger so that the inner surface thereof absorbs heat generated thereby and so that no part of the flame impinges upon the heat exchanger . heat transfer from the combustion products to the heat exchanger is enhanced by a pair of removable platen-like baffles mounted within the heat exchanger . the combustion products are expelled from the heat exchanger through a flue discharge conduit having a section positioned within the heat exchanger , and a fan mounted within the housing routes air from the air intake and across the surfaces of both the heat exchanger flue conduit and the dual function heat exchanger/combustion chamber to the air discharge vent . a removable end cap attached to one end of the heat exchanger and a hinged burner assembly facilitate clean-out of the interior of the heat exchanger .
a solar absorber assembly primarily for domestic hot water systems having an extruded base member adapted to be located on a sun exposed roof surface , the base member supporting a reflector member and having upwardly extending side portions for supporting a ducting member above the reflector member and a glazing member above the ducting member .
a handgun includes a locking mechanism disposed within a thickness of a grip , the locking mechanism being configured to engage with a lever associated with a slider and a magazine carried within a cavity formed by the grip ; and a spring-loaded lock pivotally attached to the frame and configured to engage with a lip on a side surface of the slider , the spring-loaded lock being configured to secure the slide in a fixed position when engaged with the lip . a method includes disengaging the magazine after all bullets therein are used via the locking mechanism ; and releasing the slide as the new loaded magazine is placed in the cavity of the grip via the spring-loaded lock .
the present invention has the objective of solving the problems encountered in coating engine components ( engine blocks or sleeves , either fixed or movable ) having at least one cylindrical cavity and composed mainly by iron or aluminum , providing them with a coating ( 3 ) that is subdivided into three different layers , which are deposited onto the metallic substrate ( 1 ) , which are first sub-layer ( 21 ) comprising at least 80 % silicon deposited onto the substrate ( 1 ) with the function of providing interface with good adhesion between the substrate ( 1 ) and the subsequent sub-layers , which contain hydrogenated amorphous carbon , second sub-layer ( 22 ) of transition comprising a percentage of silicon and of hydrogenated amorphous carbon ( a-c : h : si ) and , finally , on the working surface , third sub-layer ( 23 ) having a pure composition of hydrogenated amorphous carbon ( a-c : h ) , wherein such coating ( 3 ) is generated by the hollow cathode effect ( hce ) by plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition ( pecvd ) .
in a turbine for an exhaust gas turbocharger of an internal combustion engine having a housing part with accommodation space including a turbine wheel and at least one spiral channel via which exhaust gas of the internal combustion engine may flow . the spiral channel has an outlet cross-section via which the turbine wheel accommodated in the accommodation space may be acted on by the exhaust gas , and has at least one blocking member , which is connected to an adjusting part so as to be movable hereby in the peripheral direction of the accommodation space for adjusting the outlet cross-section ( ar , arî » , ar , rgr ) . a bypass duct is provided , via which exhaust gas can bypass the turbine wheel and whose flow cross-section is also adjustable by the blocking member moved the adjusting part .
an electrical power supply arrangement incorporates a turbine-generator ambly providing a self-contained non-battery electrical power source for supplying power to a breathing apparatus . the turbine-generator assembly is interposed in an air hose extending between first and second stage pressure regulators respectively connected to a pressurized air cylinder and to a cooling device of the breathing apparatus . the assembly includes an air turbine and an electrical generator disposed and coupled in tandem relationship to one another and enclosed in an elongated hollow housing . pressurized air introduced into the turbine end of the housing expands across turbine blades and rotatably drives a central shaft of the turbine which , in turn , rotates a central rotor of the generator causing generation of electrical power in a stationary stator of the generator which surrounds the rotor . the electrical power can be accessed at a terminal block attached to the generator end of the housing for supplying power to operate the cooling device of the breathing apparatus .
a roller cutter drill bit ( 10 ) has separate bearing elements ( 82 , 84 , 86 ) positioned between a journal ( 20 ) and a roller cutter ( 60 ) mounted for rotation on the journal ( 20 ) . the bearing elements ( 82 , 84 , 86 ) are formed of a superalloy material and the bearing surfaces of the bearing elements ( 82 , 84 , 86 ) have an aluminide coating applied thereon to form a bearing surface stable at operating temperatures over 500 f. and as high as 1000 f .
it is a lighting apparatus 10 that has a light emitting element 16 , a light emitting element housing 15 having a concave portion 28 that accommodates the light emitting element 16 , and an optically transparent member 18 that airproofs a space b formed by the concave portion 28 and transmits light emitted from the light emitting element 16 . the concave portion 28 is shaped to become wider toward the optically transparent member 18 from the bottom surface 28a of the concave portion 28 . the lighting apparatus 10 is provided with a light shielding member 12 for shielding a part of light emitted from the light emitting element 16 is provided on the optically transparent member 18 .
an adjustable deflector device is provided for selective positioning above the ventilator of a cooking range of the type where the ventilator is disposed adjacent to and flush with the cooking range heating elements . the deflector device comprises support means having first and second ends , the first end includes a first support portion and the second end includes a second support portion . the first and second portions are disposed at an angle with respect to each other . the first end is movably attached to the cooking range so that the first support portion is positioned at an angle with respect to the range . the first support portion is rotatable and extendable about its longitudinal axis . the second support portion includes a deflector portion having a width at least equal to the exhaust means and a length substantially equal to the exhaust means . the deflector portion is rotatable and extendable about its longitudinal axis so that the deflector may be selectively positioned above the exhaust means to deflect airborne matter or cooking vapors into the exhaust means in a more efficient manner .
in a system for controlling a gear ratio of a multi-step geared or continuously variable automatic transmission of a vehicle , the gear ratio is determined through fuzzy production rules each having one of an atf temperature , a steering or an engine coolant temperature . for example , the rule regarding the atf temperature defines such that the gear position should be shifted down if the atf temperature is high . with the arrangement , when the atf temperature is high , the gear position is determined in the downshifting direction so that the amount of torque converter slippage can be reduced , whereby avoiding temperature rise in the transmission . and since the engine speed is relatively high at that situation , motive force could be sufficient even climbing a hill .
a cold head is disposed in an insulating container and cooled by a refrigerator . a superconductor is disposed in the insulating container , contacting the cold head , and is cooled to its superconduction transition temperature or lower by heat conduction . a magnetizing coil is disposed outside the insulating container for applying a magnetic field to the superconductor . control is performed so that a magnetic field determined considering the magnetic field to be captured by the superconductor is applied . a pulsed magnetic field is applied to the superconductor a plurality of times . each pulsed magnetic field is applied when the temperature of the superconductor is a predetermined temperature or lower . a maximum pulsed magnetic field is applied at least once in an initial or intermediate stage of the repeated application of pulsed magnetic fields . after that , a pulsed magnetic field equal to or less than the maximum pulsed magnetic field is applied . pulsed magnetic fields are repeatedly applied while the temperature of the superconductor is lowered . a pulsed magnetic field is applied when the temperature to of a central portion of the superconductor is the superconduction transition temperature or lower and the temperature of a peripheral portion is higher than t0 . the temperature of the entire superconductor is brought close to t0 to apply another pulsed magnetic field . the magnetizing coil faces at least one of two opposite sides of the superconductor to apply pulsed magnetic fields to the superconductor in its magnetization direction .
a continuously variable transmission is disclosed for use in rotationally or linearly powered machines and vehicles . the transmission provides a simple manual shifting method for the user . further , the practical commercialization of traction roller transmissions requires improvements in the reliability , ease of shifting , function and simplicity of the transmission . the present invention includes a continuously variable transmission that may be employed in connection with any type of machine that is in need of a transmission . for example , the transmission may be used in ( i ) a motorized vehicle such as an automobile , motorcycle , or watercraft , ( ii ) a non-motorized vehicle such as a bicycle , tricycle , scooter , exercise equipment or ( iii ) industrial equipment , such as a drill press , power generating equipment , or textile mill .
a hydraulic control device ( 10 , 90 ) for load pressure-independent control of a double-acting motor , in which by replacing the pressure balance regulator throttle slide valve element ( 68 , 93 ) but using the same housing ( 13 ) , the control device can be converted from a directional-control valve ( 11 ) with a primary individual pressure balance regulator ( 12 ) for load pressure-independent control to a directional-control valve ( 91 ) with a secondary individual pressure balance regulator ( 92 ) for an oil flow distribution in the event of undersupply . to this end , in a second longitudinal bore ( 41 ) containing the control pressure opening ( 68 , 93 ) , the housing ( 13 ) has three axially spaced infeeds of control pressure openings ( 51 , 52 , 53 ) , which can be activated differently through interchangeable installation of a sealing plug ( 66 ) and a stopper ( 67 ) and , together with the respective throttle slide valve element , constitute a primary pressure balance regulator ( 12 ) or a secondary pressure balance regulator ( 92 ) . the control device ( 10 , 90 ) can be inexpensively produced for different functions using the same housing ( 13 ) .
a tap having a pair of chambers joined by a fluid passage and an outlet from each chamber . an inlet is provided to one chamber and a valve controls the flow between the two chambers . thus the flow from one outlet is uncontrollable and the flow from the other outlet is controllable . also a tap assembly having two inlets and control members to control the flow to a common spout . the control members also permit uncontrolled flow from each inlet to another outlet in which a further control member is provided .
a power transmission apparatus is provided with a housing , which rotates together with an input shaft , a differential mechanism , and a main clutch . the main clutch links the input shaft and the first output shaft . the differential mechanism distributes drive force that is inputted from the input shaft via the housing into a first output shaft and a second output shaft . the differential mechanism is provided with a ring gear that is provided within the housing , a sun gear that is provided within the ring gear , and a planetary gear . the planetary gear is engaged with the ring gear and the sun gear and supported in such a manner as to be orbital and rotational . the first output shaft is linked to the ring gear . the main clutch is formed of a plurality of outer clutch plates and inner clutch plates , which are provided on the inner circumferential surface of the housing and on the outer circumferential surface of the ring gear .
an adjustable weir for use in a liquid distribution system utilizes a weir plate having a weir opening whose height can be adjusted vertically . the weir plate is mounted to the end of a fluid distribution outlet in a manner which will maintain its proper orientation while allowing its vertical position with respect to the outlet opening to be varied .
a method for braking a wind turbine including at least one rotor blade coupled to a rotor . the method includes selectively controlling an angle of pitch of the at least one rotor blade with respect to a wind direction based on a design parameter of a component of the wind turbine to facilitate reducing a force induced into the wind turbine component as a result of braking .
a filling arrangement is equipped with a loading arrangement containing a measuring slider plate and a displacement arrangement guided through a protective wall . the displacement arrangement moves the measuring slider plate backwards and forwards between two end positions ; the displacement arrangement has a force transfer arrangement with a push rod guided through the protective wall and connected with the measuring slide place . the force transfer arrangement is driveable in both directions by means of at least one weight . a distribution arrangement for the supply of explosive from explosive containers to the loading arrangement comprises at least one container holder which is tippable by a shaft guided through the protective wall . a horizontally and parallel guided loading plate is pivotable over a delivery arrangement from an entry position at an entry opening in the protective wall into a first end position below the loading arrangement .
a handle for a mop or other such cleaning instrument is hollow for flow of water from a hose attached to one end of the handle to the work-engaging portion at the other end . a manually operable control moves a stopper between three positions wherein flow through an opening in an internal partition in the handle is fully blocked , partially blocked or fully unblocked . the stopper has a total of three detent members in the form of rounded protrusions and a total of three recess for receiving the detents are formed in the partition . as the operating member is manipulated to move the stopper between its three positions , one detent engages a recess in the fully blocked position , two detents engage respective recesses in the partially blocked position and all three detents engage the three recesses in the fully unblocking position . the provision of three detents and three recesses adds to the stability and reliability of operation of the implement .
an air blower comprises a first unit having means for producing compressed air and a reservoir for storing the compressed air and a second unit including a portable storage tank for holding compressed air , and means for releasing the compressed air from the storage tank . means for charging are provided whereby compressed air in the reservoir of the first unit is transferred to the storage tank of the second unit .
a vehicle automatic transmission including a torque converter , a multiple stage transmission gear mechanism connected with the torque converter and a hydraulic control circuit for automatically selecting one of gear stages of the transmission gear mechanism . the hydraulic control circuit includes a kick-down control device which functions to shift down the gear mechanism when the engine control foot pedal is substantially fully depressed . depending on the vehicle running condition , the kick-down control device may shift down the gear mechanism by two gear stages . the hydraulic circuit includes control hydraulic circuit which functions to shift down the gear mechanism at first by one gear stage and then by a further one stage . for the purpose , relay valves are provided in kick-down control lines to lower stage shift valves .
a vertical clamping device is provided that supports a flow cell component in a vertical configuration in which the flow cell is on an opposite side of the vertical support from the electronic interface . the clamp includes a vertical setting to receive the flow cell component and provides an electronic interface on a vertical surface of the vertical setting . a block supports the fluidics interface and can move in a horizontal direction bringing the fluidics interface into contact with the flow cell component .
a head mounted apparatus for illuminating a work site , and for transmitting a visual image of the work site to a remote location for viewing on a television screen . a camera and a light source are mounted on a head band which is worn by the user . the camera lens is disposed generally between the eyes of the user to allow viewing of the same image as the user is seeing . the light source is disposed slightly above the camera , and is coupled to a remote light source by a fiber optic cable . the light source and the camera are independently pivotally mounted on a bracket , and the bracket is pivotally mounted to the head band . a series of three pivotal attachments is provided so that the elevational angle of the light source can be adjusted independently of the camera and the head band , so that the elevational angle of the camera can be adjusted independently of the light source and the head band , and so that the light source and camera can have their elevational angles adjusted together with respect to the head band .
a magnetic levitation control apparatus comprises a pair of electromagnets for holding a levitated body having a magnetic body in the levitated state . a signal source for supplying a voltage signal of a frequency on a level such that enables the electromagnets to function as the position sensor , wherein a control voltage signal for controlling the magnetic attraction of the electromagnets is superimposed on the voltage signal . a circuit differentially supplies the voltage signal to the pair of electromagnets to form a position signal of the levitated body from an add signal of currents respectively from the electromagnets , and a circuit detects a control current of the electromagnets from a subtraction signal of currents respectively from the electromagnets . a controller generates a control voltage signal of the electromagnets from the detected position signal of the levitated body and , in addition , corrects the position signal detected from the detected control current of the electromagnets .
a reciprocating compressor with a gas bearing is configured to support a portion between a cylinder and a piston by the gas bearing and induce a resonating motion of the piston by the use of compression coil springs . therefore , a proper resonating motion of a vibrating body can be induced by the use of the gas bearing , without using plate springs , and accordingly manufacturing costs and the number of assembly processes can be reduced and the installation direction of the compressor can be freely designed .
a turbine rotor disassembly , handling and reassembly apparatus employs a feedback-controlled electric heating oven to rapidly heat a turbine wheel while the rotor shaft is in the horizontal position . an adapter interfaces the wheel to a handling spool whose outboard end is adjusted to slide on the rotor shaft and to provide a fulcrum for supporting the wheel . a handling trolley includes a soft hydraulic system for supporting the weight of the wheel to avoid damaging the precision machined surfaces of the shrink-fit area while the wheel is being withdrawn . the handling apparatus also provides means for upending , or rotating , the removed wheel through 90 degrees to place its axis vertical for facilitating handling . a sensor system senses a radial motion of the wheel to detect clearance and to establish an appropriate fluid pressure to just balance the weight of the wheel and attached parts . the handling system includes means for rotating the wheel slightly during reassembly to align keyways or the like . a technique is included for equalizing shaft heating during reassembly of a turbine rotor by cyclically elevating and lowering the wheel , by orbiting the wheel about the shaft or by holding the wheel in the center of its clearance about the shaft until a shrink fit is established .
an annular rotor element is rotatably mounted in a housing and has a center opening in which a shaft element is journalled with annular clearance . an arrangement is provided for coupling the elements in motion-transmitting relationship in automatic response to relative rotation in one direction , and for uncoupling the elements in automatic response to relative rotation of the elements in an opposite direction .
a knockdown metal table having legs and a flanged top and including auxiliary components such as a drop leaf and modesty panel having attaching means which in assembly are clamped between the legs and the table flanges . a lift assembly including casters is attached to the legs and is adapted to be selectively actuated to move first one pair of casters and then the other into or out of engagement with a floor surface to permit rolling of the table over said floor surface or to rest the table on the floor surface in a desired position .
an ice maker including freeze and harvest controls is disclosed . the evaporator includes a unitary evaporator and ice mold . a compressor and condenser cool the evaporator to freeze ice on the mold in a normal refrigeration cycle and the mold is defrosted by hot gas to harvest ice from the ice mold . the temperature of the ice mold and the liquid line temperature of the condenser are sensed to control the length of time of the ice forming cycle .
an engine control device has an idle speed control of an engine by an ignition timing control and an idle speed control by air-by-fuel ratio feedback . this engine control device detects roughness caused by a torque change on the basis of a change in angular velocity of a crank shaft , sets a control gain depending on the roughness , reflects the control gain on the idle speed control by the ignition timing control , thereby harmonizing the idle speed control of the engine by the ignition timing control with the idle speed control by the air-by-fuel ratio feedback .
an internal combustion engine control device has a torque increase amount obtaining section that obtains engine rotation speed fluctuation amount ( output torque increase amount ) caused with small quantity injection as a torque increase amount sensing value , an adaptation value setting section that variably sets an adaptation value used for engine control in accordance with a fuel property determined based on the torque increase amount sensing value , a confirmation injection control section that performs the small quantity injection again while the engine control is performed based on the set adaptation value , and an accuracy determination section that determines accuracy of fuel property determination result or the adaptation value based on whether a confirmation sensing value , which is the engine rotation speed fluctuation amount obtained when the confirmation injection control section performs the small quantity injection , is outside a predetermined range .
a reformable packing ring comprising compressed particles of flexible graphite . such packing ring can be used to pack the stuffing box assembly of any pump , valve , or like structure . because such packing ring undergoes considerable flow when subjected to pressure , it is capable of forming a better interference fit within the stuffing box than presently employed packing rings . as a result of this ability to flow and reform its dimensions under pressure , such packing ring need not be sized as precisely to the dimensions of a particular stuffing box as presently employed rings .
a dust trap and valve for bag houses and the like wherein the dust trap valve flap is provided with an auxiliary valve to equalize pressure for easier valve operation while the system is vacuumized . a lost motion drive train permits opening of the auxiliary valve before the flap valve and closing thereof before the flap valve .
a bistable shape memory alloy ( sma ) micro-switch includes a single continuous sma element such as a nitinol wire that provides bi-directional motion for switching functions . bifunctional contact arms provide a mechanical force to maintain an open state of the micro-switch in addition to conducting current through a circuit . the sma element includes first and second segments that are alternately heated above a transition temperature to cause the sma element to alternate between first and second conformations . a cursor attached to the sma element moves from a first position to a second position as the sma element moves from its first to its second conformation . to close the sma micro-switch , the contact arm is moved from an open position to a closed position through sliding contact with the cursor as the cursor moves from its second position to its first position . friction generated by contact between the cursor and the contact arm maintains the cursor in its first position and the sma micro-switch in its closed state .
it comprises a body provided with an inlet and an outlet ; a moving gate which separates said inlet and said outlet ; a seat formed on said body and adapted for said gate to rest against it ; hinge means of the gate to the body of the valve ; and means for keeping the gate in position against the seat , the latter comprising a body attached to one end of the gate , the gate and said body being hinged to the valve body in such a way that both can rotate around a single hinge pin , which is arranged eccentrically with respect to said body attached to the gate , so that the gate is kept in equilibrium when the pressure inside the valve exceeds 0.1 bar . the pin is aligned with the point of contact between the gate and the seat of the valve body and is detachable .
a hybrid transmission for a hybrid vehicle mounting thereon an engine and a pair of electric motor/generators operates in a plurality of driving modes including ev mode in which the vehicle is powered by only the pair of motor/generators and eivt mode in which the vehicle is powered by both the pair of motor/generators and the engine . the driving mode is shifted continuously and smoothly through a mode-shift transition process , in which the operating state is regulated to decrease the relative torque and/or the relative rotational speed between the contact elements of an engine clutch before engaging or disengaging the engine clutch .
an elastomeric mounting suitable for use in the suspension of an off-road vehicle comprises two rigid end members ( 11 , 12 ) maintained spaced apart by an intervening tubular body ( 13 ) of elastomeric material which defines a central chamber ( 26 ) , a connecting member ( 36 ) arranged to extend through the central chamber to interconnect the end members ( 11 , 12 ) and serve at least to resist more than a predetermined separation of the end members , and buff member ( 37 ) provided to act in series with the connecting member ( 36 ) at a position between said connecting member and one ( 12 ) of the rigid end members thereby to cushion the transmission of force between the end members when the connecting member is loaded in tension .
a fluid pressure motor having a movable diaphragm assembly and an output assembly housing a plurality of output members at least some of which can move relative to the diaphragm assembly and can be connected to separate devices for control by a single differential control pressure in the motor .
a spill port for discharging fuel is provided in a wall defining a high pressure chamber defined in a fuel injection pump , and capable of being successively communicated with respective cylinders . opening and closing of this spill port is controlled by a solenoid valve . a fuel injection time period is calculated , pressure in a high pressure chamber is detected by a pressure sensor to obtain a fuel injection starting time , and the fuel injection time period thus calculated is added to the fuel injection starting time to obtain a fuel injection ending time . the solenoid valve is actuated to open the spill port at this fuel injection ending time , whereby the fuel in the high pressure chamber is discharged so that fuel injection is discontinued . the respective operations described above may be controlled by a microcomputer .
there is provided a ball joint provided with a ball stud having a spherical head portion in an end portion , a ball seat to which the spherical head portion is slidably fitted , thereby pivoting the ball stud universally , and a housing receiving the ball seat , the housing being structured such that a closed-end cylindrical main body portion and a flange portion extending outward in a radial direction from an edge portion of the main body portion are formed in accordance with sheet metal processing . the flange portion is formed thinner than a thickness of the main body portion .
led-based lighting fixtures suitable for general illumination in surface-mount or suspended installations , in which heat dissipation properties of the fixtures are significantly improved by decreasing thermal resistance between led junctions and the ambient air . in various examples , improved heat dissipation is accomplished by increasing a surface area of one or more heat-dissipating elements proximate a trajectory of air flow through the fixture . in one aspect , various structural components of the fixtures are particularly configured to create and maintain a â€œchimney effectâ€ within the fixture , resulting in a high air-flow rate , natural convection cooling system capable of efficiently dissipating the waste heat from the fixture without active cooling .
a thermobaric munition including a composite explosive material , the composite explosive material having a high-explosive composition , and a detonable energetic material dispersed within the high-explosive composition , the detonable energetic material in the form of a thin film , the thin film having at least one layer composed at least in part by a reducing metal and at least one layer composed at least in part by a metal oxide . a related method includes tailoring the blast characteristics of high explosive composition to match a predetermined time-pressure impulse , the method including disbursing a detonable energetic material having a preselected reaction rate within the high-explosive composition , the detonable energetic material in the form of a thin film , the thin film having at least one layer composed at least in part by a reducing metal and at least one layer composed at least in part by a metal oxide .
a smoke control device for use in motor vehicle incineration . smoke from burning vehicles in an incineration area is directed into a collecting chamber by controlled air flows and flaps . updrafts evacuate the chamber and force the smoke into a combustion stack . the column of smoke in the stack is raised to combustion temperature by heaters mounted on the stack . the superheated smoke is combined with heated air in the vicinity of an open flame causing combustion resulting in a clear stack discharge .
a method for creating an improved signal light is disclosed . for example , the improved signal light includes a housing , one or more first type of light emitting diodes ( leds ) emitting a light energy having a first dominant wavelength deployed in the housing , one or more second type of leds emitting a light energy having a second dominant wavelength deployed in the housing , a filter and a mixer . the filter may filter the light energy of the one or more second type of leds such that only a third dominant wavelength passes from the one or more second type of leds . the mixer may mix the light energy having the first dominant wavelength and the filtered light energy having the third dominant wavelength to form a light energy having a desired fourth dominant wavelength .
a waste resource treatment method and device include pyrolysis desorption treatment elements having one or more pyrolysis desorption chambers connected in parallel . sub-temperature fractionation treatment elements having a low-temperature fractionating pipe and a plurality of higher-temperature or high-temperature fractionating pipes for fractionating a gas at different temperature ranges are connected to the pyrolysis desorption chambers , respectively . the fractionating pipes are connected to sub-temperature resource recycling treatment elements for treating the gas at different temperature ranges , respectively . the sub-temperature resource recycling treatment elements are connected to refrigeration-liquefaction treatment elements and to adsorption exhaust treatment elements . the gas produced at different temperature ranges during a heating process performed inside the pyrolysis desorption chambers undergoes a resource recycling treatment and then is collected by refrigeration-liquefaction , and eventually undergoes adsorption exhaust treatment , such that various hazardous substances are sorted before applying to a resource application or undergoing further treatment .
an apparent gear ratio , namely g=n.sub.t /n.sub.o , is determined based on transmission input and output revolution speeds n.sub.t and n.sub.o which are detected by sensors . the apparent gear ratio is used to determine whether a shift operation is in progress or not . it is defined that the gear shift operation is in progress when the apparent gear ratio falls between one gear ratio before the shift operation and another gear ratio after the shift operation . the engine output torque is altered , therefore , when the apparent gear ratio falls between one and another gear ratios .
a pipeline safety joint to provide a controlled weakness in a pipeline in which a pair of tubular mandrels are connectable to first and second pipe-ends . a portion of the first mandrel of a pair is insertable in a part of the other and a latch mechanism is provided on said portion engageable with the part of the other mandrel of the pair to hold the mandrels against axial separation . a retaining shoulder on the first mandrel retains the latch mechanism in engagement and a tubular sealing is positioned to seal the two mandrels . a fluid-tight pressure compensation chamber surrounds said portion of the first mandrel and is engageable directly or indirectly on said one mandrel and said other mandrel of the pair . a fluid passage provides communication between the interior of the mandrel and its associated pressure compensation chamber , the seal and its associated compensation chamber being dimensioned whereby forces produced to separate the mandrels of a pair are substantially equalized by the fluid pressure appearing in the fluid compensation chamber . frangible securing means , such as a bolt , normally holds the two mandrels in interengagement but break when a predetermined stress is applied , the pressure compensation chamber being axially crushable when the frangible means break , thereby allowing limited axial movement between the mandrels , sufficiently to permit the retaining shoulder to move axially to release the latch mechanism , thereby to allow the mandrels to disengage from one another .
a continuous deaeration system for use in maintaining a high pressure oil rail of a hydraulically-actuated , electronically-controlled unit fuel injector system free of entrapped air including a tube , one end of which seats in an oil passage leading from the high pressure rail to the front injector of each bank of the engine . the other end of the tube seats within an upper area of the rail , where air may be trapped . the tube thus creates oil flow into the injector from the area of the rail having the air therein , causing the air to be quickly purged through the injector .
a bearing assembly is disclosed for supporting a coil spring , for example for an automobile suspension system . the bearing assembly includes an elastic support having a sloped spring supporting surface corresponding to the pitch of the spring . at the side opposite the spring , the elastic support is supported by a distance element . the distance element and elastic support are geometrically configured so that a uniform axial length of the elastic support member is disposed between the spring and the distance element over a substantial circumference of the coil spring . in certain embodiments , recesses are formed in the elastic support member for engaging with cams at the distance element , with the ends of the cams and the bottoms of the recesses dimensioned so that there is a constant height of the elastic support between the spring and the distance element . in other embodiments , continuous sloped surfaces are provided in both the distance element and the elastic support , again with a constant axial length of elastic support over a substantial portion of the circumference of the coil spring .
systems , methods , and computer program products for providing an inertial response by a wind power system to power fluctuations in an electrical grid . the system includes a synthetic inertial response generator configured to generate a power offset in response to fluctuations in grid voltage . the power offset signal is generated by determining a quadrature component the grid voltage using an internal reference voltage having an angular frequency and phase angle that is synchronized to the electrical grid by a control loop . the quadrature component is used to determine a synchronous power level . a control loop error signal is produced by the difference between the synchronous power level and the wind turbine system power output . changes in the grid frequency produce an error signal that is added to the power set point of wind turbine system output controllers to provide a power system inertial power output response .
a fueled refrigeration and generating system comprised of a brayton cycle gas turbine producing shaft power preferably driving a refrigeration compressor . heat is recovered from the high-temperature exhaust of the turbine by a heat exchanger using a high temperature-resistant heat transfer medium . the heat-transfer medium is used to produce high-temperature water and steam . a steam turbine is operated by the steam and produces shaft power for driving an electrical generator . each of the turbines individually operates refrigeration and/or chiller compressors , or by gearing , drive a common power shaft . the system produces , selectively , hot water , steam , chilled water , ice and electrical energy .
embodiments relate to a hallow cathode with integral layers of radiation shielding . the hollow cathode includes an inner cathode tube that forms a gas feed to direct gas toward a downstream end , where the directed gas forms plasma . a heater element is positioned at the downstream end of the inner cathode tube , the heater element to heat the plasma . the hollow cathode further includes an outer cathode tube with a keeper electrode to sustain a bias voltage across a gap at a downstream end of the outer cathode tube for igniting the plasma . the integral layers of radiation shielding are connected by offset radial supports and are incorporated as a single element with either the inner or outer cathode tube , where the integral layers are nested with torturous conductive paths to reduce radiation and conduction losses from the downstream end of the inner cathode tube .
an improved valve seat which significantly decreases the impact stress caused by the impact of a mud pump valve body against the valve seat . the valve seat comprises a generally cylindrical body portion with a sealing surface which is sloped from the outer surface of the cylindrical body portion toward an interior throat of said cylindrical body portion . the valve body comprises a generally disc-shaped portion and a truncated conical portion . an elastomer insert is received in a groove in the valve body . the conical portion of the valve comprises a sloped face , including a metal portion and an elastomeric portion formed by the elastomeric insert . in the valve seat of the present invention , an annular pressure relief groove in the cylindrical body portion of the valve seat allows the sloped face of the valve seat to flex thereby relieving a significant amount of the impact load between the opposing face of the valve assembly .
a curved projection screen having a one-piece seamless substrate having a three-dimensional curvature . the screen is arranged for being bent to a certain degree around one of its axes so that the smallest deformation of the screen is elastic , where the edge of the screen has been shaped so that its deformation during the above mentioned degree of bending is also elastic .
a ring light is provided for rotary , spindle based machines such as mills and drills . the ring light is magnetically held to the machine about the spindle and may be moved along the spindle to any location thereon . the ring light may powered by a module containing batteries which may be replaceable or chargeable by a power supply or through induction . all three embodiments are disclosed . the construction is generally unitary with respect to the ring portion of the ring light and it may be constructed so that the power module is removable or as one piece with the ring portion .
ceramic-metal composites are used in the fabrication of components for engines , particularly internal combustion engines . the composites are formed by infiltrating a molten metal into a porous ceramic matrix and cooling the metal to form a composite . numerous engine components can be fabricated using this technique including valves , valve seats , exhaust port liners , pistons and rocker arms .
a heat exchanger includes a first part made of metallic core material and having a first connecting portion , and a second part made of metallic core material and having a second connecting portion for connection to the first connecting portion . at least one of the first part and second parts is covered with a brazing layer , and the first and second parts are connected to one another by melting the brazing layer after the first part and the second part are assembled . the first connecting portion includes a fitting concave portion , and the second connecting portion includes a fitting convex portion which is press fitted into the fitting concave portion . the first connecting portion and the second connecting portion have the metallic core material exposed to each surface thereof so that each metallic core material directly contacts with one another when the convex portion is fitted in the concave portion . in this way , it is possible to fix the first part with the second part temporarily with a simple method and without more time and expense than needed .
a shaft member coupling structure includes first and second spool members lockably coupled in a condition wherein the spool members coaxially extend with a coupling part in the center , a fitting concave portion axially extends and is formed at the end of the first spool member and a fitting convex portion axially extends and can be fitted into the fitting concave portion and is formed at the end of the second spool member . a coupling pin is inserted into first and second coupling holes . further , an annular holding groove concave in a circumferential direction is formed in a part in which the coupling hole is formed on the periphery of the first spool member , both ends of the coupling pin inserted into the coupling holes are covered with a ring fitted into the holding groove . thus , the coupling pin is prevented from falling away .
a centrifugal clutch including a driver adapted to engage and be rotated by an input shaft , a drum adapted to engage a driven component , a plurality of shoes located between the driver and the drum , and a plurality of springs , each spring engaged with adjacent shoes for urging the shoes together . the shoes are radially movable between an outward position in which the shoes contact the drum and an inward position in which the shoes are spaced apart from the drum . each shoe has an engagement surface which is arranged to contact the drum , and a support . one end of the support is attached to the engagement surface and the other end extends radially inward . a pair of spring attachment mounts are formed on the radially inward end of the support . each spring is engaged with one spring attachment mount on a shoe .
a sanitary fixture ( 1 ) , including a flow regulator unit ( 5 ) and a movable adjustment element ( 6 ) that adjusts a flow rate and has a control connection to a temperature-sensitive control element ( 8 ) . the invention provides arranging a return spring ( 13 ) on a same side of the flow regulator unit ( 5 ) as the control element ( 8 ) , with respect to the flow direction , and/or designing the control element ( 8 ) to assume at least one intermediate position .
disclosed is a rotary internal combustion engine of which all operations are circular motions and therefore energy consumed for mechanical transmission is reduced and power output is continuous and stable . the rotary internal combustion engine mainly includes an intake-compression chamber , an exhaust-power chamber , and a combustion chamber that has an intake port and an exhaust to communicate with the intake-compression chamber and the exhaust-power chamber , respectively . two pairs of rotors and rotational valve plates are separately provided in the intake-compression chamber and the exhaust-power chamber to mount around a power output shaft extending through the two chambers , so that the rotors , the valve plates , and the power output shaft rotate synchronously . when the valve plates rotate with valve holes provided thereon separately overlapping the intake port and the exhaust port of the combustion chamber , either compressed air in the intake-compression chamber is compressed into the combustion chamber for combustion , or burned and exploded gas in the combustion chamber is released into the exhaust-power chamber to rotate the power output shaft . the rotary internal combustion engine has simplified peripheral mechanisms and reduced volume while it has increased thermal efficiency and enhanced power output .
in an exemplary embodiment , the momentum of oil-containing air rotating with a crankshaft counterweight in an engine crankcase is converted to static pressure by blocking the flow and directing the resulting static pressure through an orifice to a vent chamber wherein the pressure acts against a cam ring of a variable displacement oil pump . the arrangement modifies the action of an oil pressure control by increasing the effective pump outlet pressure as a function of engine speed using relatively low cost modifications of the engine and oil pump . this pressure may also be used in various ways to modify the control functions of other devices .
an actuator system having a motor that drives a pneumatic spool valve to a known position based upon the number of step commands delivered to it . valve ports or passages uncovered by the net position difference between the spool valve and a piston create gas flow to or from a control chamber . this gas flow causes a pressure differential across the face of the piston , inducing the piston to follow the spool valve . in this two-stage system , the piston acts as a force amplifier so that large forces and/or inertias may be actuated by positioning the motor . during steady state conditions , the piston achieves the same position as the spool valve is . proportional control and very accurate positioning of the piston are provided without active position or position rate feedback control .
a common corrective eyeglass lens blank and a common mirror , plano or magnifying , are brought together in a & # 8220 ; compact & # 8221 ; ( small sized ) construction and assembly to provide the very thing long desired in mirrors and not elsewhere found & # 8212 ; corrected vision and ample working room between the eyes and any lenses , at the same time , at reasonable cost , in an elegance of implementation .
a system for reducing emissions includes a gas production source that produces nitrogen oxides , sulfur oxides , hydrogen sulfide , sulfuric acid , nitric acid , formaldehyde , benzene , metal oxides , or volatile organic compound emissions . an exhaust plenum is downstream from the gas production source , and structure for dispersing a solvent is in the exhaust plenum . a collection tank is in fluid communication with the exhaust plenum to receive the solvent from the exhaust plenum , and a heat source is in the exhaust plenum downstream from the structure for dispersing the solvent . a method for reducing emissions from a gas production source includes flowing exhaust gases through an exhaust plenum , dispersing a solvent through a nozzle in the exhaust plenum , collecting the dispersed solvent in a collection tank , and heating the exhaust gases flowing through the exhaust plenum downstream from the nozzle .
a fuel injector assembly for use in an electrically-controlled engine having a fuel injector and an electrical adapter . the fuel injector has a first set of electrical connectors and a second set of electrical connectors . the electrical adapter has a body , a first set of electrical receptacles , a second set of electrical receptacles , and a plug interface . the first set of electrical receptacles are electrically connectable with the first set of electrical connectors . the second set of electrical receptacles are electrically connectable with the second set of electrical connectors . the plug interface has a first set of electrical contacts electrically connected to the first set of electrical receptacles . the plug interface also has a second set of electrical contacts electrically connected to the second set of electrical receptacles .
an led having a predetermined direction of radiation is combined with a first and second reflector . the first reflector opposes the led and has a predetermined direction of reflection . the direction of reflection of the first reflector opposes the direction of radiation of the led . the second reflector has a predetermined azimuthal direction of reflection . the second reflector positioned relative to the first reflector to receive light from the first reflector and redirect the light into the azimuthal direction of reflection . the led , first and second reflectors collectively comprise an illumination unit . a plurality of illumination units are axially stacked . in one embodiment of the stack , at least one illumination unit comprises an led and second reflector of one illumination unit and a first reflector of an adjacent illumination unit in the stack of illumination units .
the device comprises a lever movable by the operator between at least two working positions and a neutral position to achieve , by means of an hydraulic actuator of double acting follower type , of the gear ratios in one stage of the gear box . the actuator comprises a piston slidable between two working positions and one neutral position to actuate engagement means and defining two chambers ; and a shaft connected to the lever by means of a motion transfer unit and shaped as an hydraulic distributor in such a way that in the neutral position of the lever the chambers are connected to a discharge opening so as to determine the neutral position of the piston , and in a manner and in an operative position the stroke of the shaft causes communication of one chamber with the opening and of the other with an inlet opening for a fluid under pressure such that the pressure will translate the piston in the same direction and with the same stroke as the shaft . ( fig . 4 ) .
a revolver pistol holster having a trigger-guard-retaining upper rearward top wall and a w-shaped spring mounted on holster upper forward opposing side walls biasing the holster upper-forward side-wall portions toward one-another , with a central portion of the w-shaped spring being mounted against a forward wall portion connecting the side wall , such that the forward wall portion at an upper location is biased toward the trigger-guard-retaining upper rearward top wall whereby a holstered pistol is biased into a trigger-guard-retained position within the holster , and an upper forward portion of an inward side wall having a major upwardly projecting portion serving as a thumb-brace facilitatable of drawing a holstered pistol grip-handle upwardly and forwardly .
apparatus and method for operating solution heat with vertical heat exchangers by providing an improved heat exchangers design and method for exchanging heat between a waste heat source and a binary working fluid preferably in an absorption heat pump unit and in particular the desorber section thereof .
a liquid-transferring hose of single-carcass configuration , with a rubber tube layer , main pressure-resistant cord layer and cover rubber layer , in this order from the inside , wherein a transponder installed between the rubber tube layer and cover rubber layer transmits and receives waves of specific frequency , which are attenuated by at least -60 db when passing through liquid to be transferred , and transmits a response signal on receiving the above waves . this design prevents the response signal transmitted by the transponder , when it is covered with leaked liquid , from being detected , to tell occurrence of liquid leakage , allowing liquid leakage to be easily detected during the initial stage .
a switch is shown mounted inside the housing of an automatic transmission of a motor vehicle with a sliding movable electrical contact coupled to the manual valve of the transmission to provide an indication of the position of the manual gear selector . an electrical resistive network is interconnected with stationary contact segments to provide electronic signals to a powertrain electronic controller of the automobile corresponding to the linear position of the manual valve . pressure switches are coupled to selected hydraulic circuits and electrically interconnected to the resistive network .
a remote-controlled device for rotating tools , preferably medical tools , comprising a hollow body ( 1 ) which is embodied in the form of pivotally connected proximal and distal parts ( 2 , 6 ) provided with a pair of adjacent end surfaces ( 5 , 5â€² ) which are angularly disposed with respect to the longitudinal axis of the body ( 1 ) , and an axis ( 7 ) which is perpendicularly oriented with respect to the end surfaces ( 5 , 5â€² ) and provided with a central channel and a remote control mechanism . a shaft ( 10 ) arranged in the central channel of the device comprises driven , driving and transmitting sections ( 11 , 12 , 13 ) respectively , and operates as a link for transferring working rotational motion at a variable angle . the tilt angle between the distal part ( 6 ) and the longitudinal axis of the proximal part ( 2 ) can be equal to 180â° .
a piston drive for use in diesel engines with a high specific liter output wherein the piston comprises discrete sealing and guiding sections and is constructed , configurated and assembled in such a way that the flow of power from the combustion zone takes place along straight paths directly from the crown to the connecting rod without causing any bending and/or other deformation of component parts of the drive . the piston drive allows for achievement of higher output , without increasing the stroke volume of the cylinder , by using relatively inexpensive piston sections and without reducing the e of the engine .
this invention relates to an apparatus for automatically starting and stopping an engine comprising a clutch switch for detecting that the depression of a clutch pedal of a vehicle is completely performed , a neutral switch for detecting the neutral position of a transmission , a vehicle speed sensor for generating a travel signal by detecting the travel of the vehicle , condition detecting means for detecting the operation maintaining condition of the engine , and control means for automatically stopping the engine by interrupting the energization of an ignition circuit when receiving a detection signal of the neutral switch and not receiving the detection signals of the vehicle speed sensor and the condition detecting means and automatically starting the engine by energizing the ignition circuit and a starter when receiving a detection signal of the clutch switch and not receiving the detection signals of the neutral switch , said vehicle speed sensor and the condition detecting means .
a temperature-controlled fan fluid coupling for controlling a fan that provides cooling air to an automotive engine in response to the engine temperature . the coupling comprises a drive disk provided with communication holes , a rotor on which the drive disk is mounted , an enclosed housing held to the rotor , a cooling fan mounted on the housing , a partition plate that divides the inside of the housing into an oil reservoir chamber and a torque transmission chamber in which the drive disk is mounted , an oil outflow-adjusting hole formed in the partition plate , a circulation passage extending from the torque transmission chamber into the oil reservoir chamber , a main valve member , a bimetallic strip mounted on the front face of the cover of the housing and deforming with temperature , a torque transmission gap , a circulation hole formed in the partition plate and disposed substantially opposite to the communication hole in the drive disk , a short auxiliary valve member which can engage the communication hole to close off it , and adjusting holes formed in the auxiliary valve member . when the ambient temperature exceeds a preset temperature , the main valve member opens the outflow-adjusting hole . the fan fluid coupling can be partially engaged by actuating either the resilient valve member or the auxiliary valve member .
an incandescent ignition arrangement for an internal combustion engine is combined with a fuel-injection device and has an ignition chamber formed as an annular space coaxial with and surrounding the fuel-injection device , an overflow passage rising toward a reference plane extending normal to the longitudinal axis of the fuel-injection device and having a component which extends tangentially to a periphery of the annular space and is open into the latter , and the overflow passage extends to the reference plane at an angle selected such that an extension of the axis of the overflow passage lies inside a fuel injected from the fuel-injection device , and the arrangement has an electrically heatable ignition element lying inside the contour of the ignition chamber .
a power steering system for a vehicle includes a hydraulic pump connected to a power steering gear of the vehicle and a fluid coupling interconnecting a drive shaft of an engine of the vehicle with the hydraulic pump . the power steering system also includes an electronic controller operable to provide a variable control signal based on received input and an amplifier to receive the variable control signal and energize the fluid coupling in response thereto to vary torque transmitted via the fluid coupling .
a power transmission apparatus for a vehicle includes a first input shaft directly connected to an engine , a second input shaft enclosing the first input shaft and rotating independently from the first input shaft and selectively receiving torque of the engine through a first clutch , a third input shaft enclosing the second input shaft and rotating independently from with the second input shaft and selectively receiving the torque of the engine through a second clutch , an intermediate shaft disposed in parallel with the first , second and third input shafts , a transfer gear fixedly disposed on the intermediate shaft and outputting torque of the intermediate shaft , a first shifting member , a second shifting member , and a third shifting member for changing the torque of the engine .
a releasable vest having a front panel ; front shoulder strap elements that include at least one front shoulder strap attachment opening ; a back panel ; a first waist belt element and a second waist belt element that are releasably coupled to the front panel and extend from the front panel ; at least one release loop that is capable of being passed through an opening formed in at least one of the waist belt elements and an opening formed in the front shoulder strap elements ; and a release lanyard that is capable of being passed through the release loop so as to releasably secure the waist belt elements and the shoulder strap elements to the release loop .
a gas turbine engine assembly including an improved apparatus for cooling the combustor to preclude thermal failure of the combustor and to preclude no.sub.x formation . the system includes a liquid pump driven by the turbine shaft and supplying a cooling fluid to an annular chamber defined around the central combustion chamber of the combustor . the cooling fluid is thereby placed in heat exchange relation to the combustor to absorb heat from the combustion products within the combustion chamber and convert the fluid to a relatively higher energy condition , whereafter the fluid in its high energy condition is injected into the combustion chamber for mixture with the combustion products and delivery with the combustion products to the turbine inlet . the cooling liquid may totally fill the annular cooling chamber around the combustion chamber or may partially fill the cooling chamber , or the cooling fluid arriving at the cooling chamber may already be in a gaseous state so that the cooling chamber is totally filled with a vapor .
a woven fabric for covering a tooth part formed on a belt body of a synchronous belt is woven with a lengthwise yarn and a widthwise yarn . the lengthwise yarn is made of a crimped yarn of synthetic fiber or a covering yarn in which a crimped yarn of synthetic fiber is wound around an elastic cord yarn . the widthwise yarn is made of a spun yarn of synthetic fiber or meta-linked type aromatic polyamide fiber . the widthwise yarn expose more to the woven fabric surface than the lengthwise yarn . thus , the belt life is lengthened and the noise reduced .
a sliding articulation includes an outer hub wherein is housed an inner hub . the outer hub and the inner hub include corresponding respective raceways wherein are housed balls which are guided by a cage arranged between the outer hub and the inner hub . the inner hub can slide freely relative to the outer hub in the axial direction , between a first stop and a second stop , over a distance , when the balls roll in the raceways and it can slide over a second distance when the balls slide in the raceways .
an expanding structure of a lamp comprises a seat ; a plurality of supporting frames rotatably installed to a periphery of the seat ; one end of each supporting frame being connected to the seat and other end of the supporting frame being connected to a respective lamp body ; a stand tube extending from an upper end of the seat ; a lead passing through an interior of the stand tube ; a plurality of adjusting wires extending from a periphery of the stand tube ; one end of each adjusting wire being connected to the supporting frame near the lamp body . a ring encloses the stand tube ; the ring includes a connecting portion and a clamping portion ; the connecting portion encloses around the stand tube . a motor is installed to the retainer . at least one pull wire is installed between the motor and the ring .
a differential having four pinions supported for rotation on cross pins within a differential case . the differential employs a retainer system for securing the cross pins relative to the differential case . the retainer system can include a retainer , such as a clip or a pair of roll pins , that can secure at least one of the cross pins in place .
a turbine airfoil cooling system including a low pressure cooling system and a high pressure cooling system for a turbine airfoil of a gas turbine engine is disclosed . in at least one embodiment , the low pressure cooling system may be an ambient air cooling system , and the high pressure cooling system may be a compressor bleed air cooling system . in at least one embodiment , the compressor bleed air cooling system in communication with a high pressure subsystem that may be a snubber cooling system positioned within a snubber . a delivery system including a movable air supply tube may be used to separate the low and high pressure cooling subsystems . the delivery system may enable high pressure cooling air to be passed to the snubber cooling system separate from low pressure cooling fluid supplied by the low pressure cooling system to other portions of the turbine airfoil cooling system .
a device and a method for controlling an internal combustion engine , in which an actual value is determined based on a lambda value and compared with a setpoint value . based on the comparison , a correction value for a controlled variable is determined and stored . an error is detected if the correction value changes abruptly .
a universal compression nut fits on the threaded shaft of bolts , screws , studs and the like of different diameters and thread pitches . it slides into place without turning . it has two mating screw members that fit together and screw one into the other . these members have a central bore to receive the screw shaft . when the two members are screwed together movable inserts are forced by one member along sloping surfaces in the second member . this forces the inserts in against the threaded shaft . the inserts are soft enough that the threads on the shaft embed into the inserts forming matching threads . the nut now is rotated to apply tension to the threaded shaft .
the present invention refers to a pumping stage for turbomolecular pumps comprising a rotor disk ( 3 ) , integral with a rotating shaft ( 4 ) operated by a motor , and a stator disk ( 1 ) said stator disk ( 1 ) , integral with the pump body ( 2 ) , where the stator disk ( 1 ) is a disk whose surface is substantially smooth that can assume , during the evacuation cycle , a bladed configuration , by raising radial sections ( 5 ) of the disk surface itself . raising of radial sections ( 5 ) is performed by at least one actuator device ( 11 ) controlled , through an electronic control device ( 12 ) , by a pressure sensor ( 13 ) sampling the pressure inside the pump body ( 2 ) .
apparatus for minimizing the transmission of long wave infrared energy without significantly affecting the transmission of solar energy to provide an energy efficient building component is disclosed . a flexible plastic substrate is used having a thickness of no more than approximately 20 mils . a long wave infrared radiation absorbing material is fixed to the plastic substrate . the substrate and the absorber in combination are at least 94 % transmissive to visible solar radiation so that transmission of solar energy is substantially unaffected . however , the substrate and the absorber absorb sufficient long wave infrared radiation so that transmission of at least 80 % of all incident long wave radiation is prevented , in large measure blocking the transmission of heat energy through the system .
a method for cleaning an exhaust stack tube of an oil tank heater comprises the steps of securing collection drums at open ends of a heater tube using attaching straps ; securing a drop cloth over an exhaust end of the heater tube with an attaching strap ; interconnecting the collection drums to one of a vacuum apparatus and a receptacle container ; attaching a nozzle to an end of a high pressure hose ; inserting the nozzle under the drop cloth and into an exhaust end of the heater tube ; forcing wash water under pressure through the nozzle ; guiding the nozzle to the top of the exhaust stack ; pulling the nozzle back a few feet and , again , guiding the nozzle upward while rotating the nozzle ; and repeating this process until the nozzle reaches the bottom of the exhaust stack .
a suspension strut for a motor vehicle in which a steering knuckle is supported by a housing of a telescopic damper . a piston rod projecting from the damper housing has a support flange secured to its free end to form part of a flexible mounting for a body portion of the vehicle . a helical suspension spring is seated at its lower end on an annular bracket carried by the damper housing and at its upper end on a spring support plate surrounding the piston rod . a needle-roller thrust bearing is interposed between the piston rod support flange and the spring support plate to accommodate rotary movement of the spring and support plate during steering maneuvers . to provide a predetermined amount of bearing friction , a friction element in the form of a circular bead is arranged between the piston rod support flange and the spring support plate . the circular bead is formed as a part of a cage of plastic material serving to locate the individual needle rollers of the bearing .
an apparatus and method which provides for controlled melting of both components of coal-ash , as well as the melting of selected additives , the melted coal-ash with additive being immediately available to a conventional fiberizing spinner stage . an arc furnace provides a shallow vat for molten pig iron . a first chute allows for introduction of coal-ash into the vat , and a second chute allows for the introduction of selected additives into the vat . the molten pig iron quickly melts any coal-ash and additive entering the vat , and the molten coal-ash/additive thereupon spreads out across the surface of the molten pig iron ( the molten pig iron having a much higher specific gravity ) . in order to ensure that the molten coal-ash/additive has a predetermined fluidity at an adjacent spinner stage , the furnace is provided with a specially structured spout located above the spinner stage . the spout provides a weir to skim melted coal-ash and additive , a dam to block unmelted coal-ash/additive , and a heat reservoir for heating the melted coal-ash/additive .
exhaust gas temperature is raised after a cold engine start so as to rapidly activate a catalyst in an exhaust line by retarding an ignition timing at which an air-fuel mixture is fired in the engine to a point after top-dead-center during a certain time interval and promoting combustion of the air-fuel mixture , thereby accelerating the catalyst to attain its effective activation temperature after the cold engine start as quickly as possibly .
an exhaust control device for a two-cycle engine which does not impart a change of a shape of an exhaust passage . an exhaust control device is provided in an exhaust port opening to an inner peripheral surface of a cylinder hole of a two-cycle engine wherein a cylinder wall portion adjacent to the exhaust port is formed with a rotational face obtained by rotating an arc having substantially the same curvature as the inner peripheral surface of the cylinder hole about a rotational axis c.sub.1 extending at a right angle to an axis c of the cylinder hole in the outside of the cylinder hole and a recess defined by both ends at a right angle to the rotational axis c.sub.1 and in communication with the exhaust port . within the recess is mounted an exhaust : passage member having an exhaust passage in communication with the exhaust port and having an external shape substantially similar to the recess with a predetermined clearance formed relative to the recess in a portion above at least an upper edge of the exhaust port of the rotational face portion and the both end portions . a valve body is provided which comprises arm portions respectively inserted into the clearance in the both end portions and supported for swinging about the rotational axis c.sub.1 and a control face portion provided by connecting ends of the arm portions together and movable in and out of the clearance in the rotational face portion in response to the swinging of the arm portions .
an elastic sheet includes : a seating portion by which the coil spring is supported and which has a circular arc shape in a view from the axial direction , one circumferential side of the seating portion being a side of entry of the coil spring ; and a pair of sidewall portions extending from respective width-wise opposite ends of the seating portion toward the coil spring side , at least one of the sidewall portions has a wire contact surface that contacts a wire forming the coil spring and an inclined surface inclined so as to approach the spring bearing as the inclined surface extends widthwise outward from the wire contact surface , and a radius of curvature of the wire contact surface at least at a side closest to the inclined surface is smaller than a radius of the wire .
the powertrain of a motor vehicle driven by an electric motor has three interconnected planetary gear sets having an input through the sun gear of the first planetary set and output through the carrier of the third planetary gear set to a transaxle differential . brakes and clutches operating in conjunction with the ring gear of the first planetary set and carriers of the second and third planetary sets provide two speed ratios . for reverse drive the same brakes are applied as in the first gear ratio and the motor is driven in reverse .
the invention relates to a device for burning off propellants or explosive substances , which has an activation temperature that lies below the spontaneous ignition temperature of the propellant or explosive substance . the device ( 1 ) comprises at least two substances ( 5 , 6 ) reacting exothermically with one another , wherein at least one first substance ( 5 ) is present in a liquid aggregate state below the activation temperature of the device and is separated from at least one second substance ( 6 ) by at least one pressure-tight barrier ( 7 ) .
a reset spring device for a one-log splitter single-action hydraulic cylinder comprises a spring guide , reset spring , bearing , curved transmission lever , and guide seal . the spring guide has a first end and second end , the reset spring housed within the spring guide , the bearing housed within a portion at the first end , the spring abutting the bearing , the guide seal disposed at the first end of the guide , the transmission lever positioned outside the spring guide and engaged with the bearing . the transmission lever having a curved protrusion operably engaged through a longitudinal opening on the spring guide and through a groove on the bearing . a push plate is connected to the lever . during operation , when a cylinder is pushing forward , the lever compresses the spring through the bearing ; and when a handle is released , the log splitter ceases operating , the cylinder is reset by each reset spring device .
a method of forming a stator for a positive displacement motor . the method includes forming a liner that includes at least two resilient layers and at least one fiber layer , and the at least two resilient layers are positioned so as to enclose the at least one fiber layer . the liner is positioned in a stator tube , and the stator tube includes a shaped inner surface including at least two radially inwardly projecting lobes extending helically along a selected length of the stator tube . the liner is cured in the stator tube so that the liner conforms to the radially inwardly projecting lobes formed on the inner surface and to the helical shape of the inner surface . the curing forms a bond between the liner and the inner surface and between the at least two resilient layers and the at least one fiber layer .
an engine control apparatus comprises a revolution speed sensor for detecting the number of revolutions of an internal combustion engine , an abnormality detecting means for detecting abnormality in the engine , and a control means for increasing or decreasing the number of misfire cylinders so that the revolution speed of the engine is brought down by a limited degree corresponding to a degree of abnormality of the engine when the abnormality is detected .
systems and methods for improving fuel injection of an engine that includes a cylinder receiving fuel from two different fuel injectors is disclosed . in one example , a transfer function or gain of a direct fuel injector is adjusted in response to an exhaust lambda value and a fraction of fuel supplied to a cylinder during a cylinder cycle .
the expanding bullet assembly incorporates a bullet head which incorporates an axial borehole extending from the rear of the bullet head towards the tip but not reaching the tip . the bullet head can incorporate longitudinal serrations or grooves and/or circumferential grooves which aid in separation upon impact . the borehole receives a shaft made of brass , copper or other metal harder than the leaden bullet . the shaft ( or pin ) extends from the back of the bullet and is connected to an inertial fragmenter , which is separated somewhat from the bullet head . the fragmenter can have tapered or sloped sides adjacent the back of the bullet for wedging into and forcing apart the fragments of the bullet . the bullet head can be round , pointed or hollow pointed . the shaft end near the bullet tip can alternatively be an integral expanded shaft tip having the shape of a sphere . upon impact of the bullet head , the fragmenter slams into the back of the bullet causing the shaft portion to be forced towards the tip and forcing the bullet apart into fragments .
the diffuse reflectivity of an led source is utilized to recycle some of its emission , thereby enabling a luminaire to escape the ã©tendue limit . retroreflectors intercept the rays destined for the outer part of the luminaire aperture , which can then be truncated . the resulting smaller aperture has the same beam-width as the full original , albeit with lesser flux due to recycling losses . a reduction to half the original area is possible .
a muffler for exhaust gases of an internal combustion engine . the muffler is a hybrid consisting of gas expansion chambers defined by partitions in a muffler casing , and a sound-absorbing body . the sound-absorbing body includes a perforated pipe surrounded by a porous sound-absorbing material with a thin metal film sandwiched therebetween .
an improved positive displacement pumping system uses a pair of pumps operating in opposition to one another to provide continuous and constant volumetric flow at a constant predetermined pressure .
a method for collecting crankshaft position data includes rotating a crankshaft of an engine within a selected angular velocity range without any fuel being applied to the engine and measuring crankshaft position data .
a device configured to protect a female end of a component of a threaded tubular connection for drilling and working a hydrocarbon well , including an internal threading , an annular end , and internal surfaces respectively upstream and downstream of the internal threading and respectively having first and second selected orientations . the device includes a body including an external threading to cooperate with the internal threading and first and second flexible annular sealing elements respectively upstream and downstream of the external threading to provide first and second seals respectively at the internal and end annular surfaces . the first and second sealing elements have selected third and fourth orientations at least one of which differs by at least 10â° from the corresponding second or first orientation before screwing the device onto the female end , and are deformable by axial bending to acquire , by surface contact with the internal annular surface and the annular end surface , an energy at least partially opposing any unintentional unscrewing when the female end is screwed onto the body in a final position .
a chimney smoke scrubber for use with stoves and fireplaces includes a chimney cap enclosure secured atop the chimney or flue pipe of the combustion unit . the combustion gases from the enclosure are deliver through a duct to a smoke scrubber assembly . the scrubber assembly includes a tank holding a charge of water , with flow space above the water surface for smoke to pass . a stack extends upwardly from the flow space of the tank to release the flue gas to atmosphere . the upper end of the stack includes outlet holes or a screen , and a stack cap having an interior deflector . a nozzle is disposed within the stack and directed to emit a controlled spray upwardly to impinge on the deflector cap . the spray and the deflected water form a curtain of water that cascades downwardly past the outlet holes or screen , so that the smoke and gases must pass through the water cascade as they are discharged . the smoke and flue gases are contacted by the water , cooling and cleaning them , extinguishing all cinders , and removing all fly ash . a submersible pump within the tank feeds water from the tank to the nozzle . a water input line extends into the tank , and is connected to a float valve which maintains a desired water level and flow space in the tank . the submersible pump is connected to electrical power through a switch disposed within the dwelling adjacent to the stove or fireplace that generates the smoke and flue gas .
the present invention concerns a cooling cover ( 10 ) comprising cooling tubular armatures ( 34 ) applied against said cooling cover or against an existing cover . the cooling cover is characterized by a sandwich-type assembly of dry-process manufactured upper and lower firestop plates ( 16 , 26 ) of gypsum plasterboard or plaster mold , separated by spacers ( 22 ) so as to form plane cavities ( 24 ) where the cooling tubular armatures ( 16 ) are situated , the upper plates ( 16 ) preferably being provided with a firestop spacer or a heat reflecting layer , for instance an aluminum foil . in an other embodiment , the tubes of the cooling armature are embedded in a sealing material , resulting in a plate being placed either against the lower surface of the dry-process manufactured upper plates or against segments of this surface .
a lock assembly useful in coupling a tire assembly to a wheel which is locked and unlocked by a magnetic key .
a magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) system includes a main magnet system for generating a main magnetic field in an examination volume . a gradient coil system is arranged between the main magnet system and the examination volume and includes sub-gradient coils embedded in a binding material which has a glass temperature . a controller controls a temperature of the gradient coil system . a temperature-influencing unit influences the temperature of the gradient coil system on the basis of control signals supplied by the control unit . the control unit and the temperature-influencing unit control the temperature of the binding material of the gradient coil system to a value above the glass temperature during operation of the mri system .
an evaporative cooler pad includes a high loft body of synthetic staple fibers having a plurality of channels extending along the longitudinal axis thereof . the open nature of the pad allows air to flow freely through the pad , while the longitudinal channels serve to wick water contacting the pad throughout the pad , thus optimizing the cooling efficiency of the pad .
a pump configured so that tools are not required to remove the pump head and disassemble the plunger . a single large hand operated knob or head nut facilitates tool-less pump head removal . the pump head is guided into position in a manifold and held in place by the hand knob . the manifold is designed to receive all the external fluidic connections made to the pump head . fluid paths to the pump head have been replaced with miniature face seals which facilitate high pressure sealing between the pump head and manifold . low pressure tubing seals reside in a seal wash chamber or housing and are not attached to the head , eliminating the need for tooling to disconnect them during pump head removal . a tool-less plunger mechanism includes a nutcap assembly having a plunger socket receiving a plunger assembly including a sapphire plunger fixed to a plunger holder ball accommodated by the socket . the plunger assembly is captured within the socket by a plurality of cams . the cams are spring loaded to rotate and collapse onto the plunger holder ball , pulling the plunger assembly tightly into the socket . a restricting cone is actuated to rotate the cams away from the plunger holder ball for release and removal of the plunger assembly .
method and arrangement for providing a ceramic thermal barrier coating , tbc , deposited and attached directly to a metallic substrate ( 2 ) , or an intermediate bond coating ( 3 ) deposited on such a substrate ( 2 ) . the tbc includes at least two layers , wherein a first , inner tbc layer , that is directly attached to the substrate ( 2 ) or bond coating ( 3 ) , presents a different microstructure than a second , outer tbc layer .
a projectile includes a component that is highly reflective and configured to reveal the projectile 's trajectory when the projectile is fired from a gun and electromagnetic radiation is directed toward the projectile . with the reflective component , one can more easily limit the visibility of the projectile to areas from where the projectile was fired because the reflective component is passive , not active . as the projectile moves down range , the areas behind the projectile are typically where a shooter and/or spotter for the shooter are located , not where an enemy combatant is located . thus , the trajectory of the projectile is revealed to the people who can use the information to adjust their fire , and remains hidden from the people who could use the information to locate the shooter .
an arrangement for controlling engagement and disengagement of two dry plate friction clutches ( 5,8 ) in a transmission having two concentric input shafts ( 3,6 ) comprising one release bearing ( 22,23 ) for each clutch on the transmission side of the clutches and one release bearing ( 36,37 ) for each clutch on the engine side of the clutches . the release bearing on the transmission side controls the operation of the release bearings on the engine side for disengagement of the clutches by means of intermediate push rods ( 28,29 ) extending through openings in a rotating element ( 7 ) connected to one of the clutches .
a drive system for a catwalk skate that uses a hydraulic skate-cable drive system . the system includes two counteracting hydraulic cylinders , each with a sheave connected to the cylinder rods , and a cable that winds around each of the sheaves and connects to both ends of the skate .
a refrigerated container comprising a door composed of a first and a second door panels and a security device is disclosed . the security device includes a detection plate fixed to an inner side of the first door panel which has a free end extending towards the second door panel ; a displacement sensor fixed to an inner side of the second door panel to cooperate with the free end of the detection plate ; a monitoring module ; and an antenna . said displacement sensor , monitoring module and antenna are separately arranged in the door , and said monitoring module is arranged within a heat insulating layer in the first door panel or the second door panel , and said antenna is provided at an outer side of the first door panel or the second door panel .
the present invention is an apparatus and method for cooling heat exchanger tubes at controlled conditions . the apparatus comprises a housing sealingly connected to each heat exchanger tube . there are water and air inlets to the housing . a means to generate mist is located within the housing and directed to spray a jet of mist from the housing into the heat exchanger tube . during operation , air is injected into each heat exchanger tube at controlled conditions . the air is followed by a water mist under controlled flow conditions into each tube . carrier air accompanies the water mist . a controlled flow of water is injected into each heat exchanger tube after the water mist .
an improved flood lighting fixture for a horizontally mounted hid lamp is disclosed . relamping is accomplished by removing an access cover to expose an access opening , pivoting a reflector to a relamping position , exchanging the lamp through the access opening , pivoting the reflector back to its normal position and replacing the access cover .
a rollover protection device and method for use in work vehicles of the pickup and light truck types , in which a linking structure is applied to the roof of the vehicle cabin , the structure linking all the pillars of the original vehicle roof , thereby forming with the roof and the pillars an integral resistant structure for containing and regulating the deformation of the roof and the pillars upon a rollover event .
this panel assembly ( 30 ) for a merchandiser ( 10 ) includes frame assembly ( 34 ) includes attached to the merchandiser and wall ( 22 ) and an aracuate translucent sheet ( 34 ) . the frame assembly ( 34 ) includes opposed side retaining rails ( 36 ) receiving the flexed arcuate sheet ( 34 ) in retained relation , a lower base member ( 46 ) having an arcuate front wall ( 52 ) , and an upper cap member ( 56 ) having an arcuate front wall ( 62 ) . the panel assembly ( 30 ) includes a back-lighting assembly ( 80 ) for illuminating the translucent sheet ( 34 ) .
disclosed is a clamp for fixing pipes , rods and other elongated bodies . the device essentially comprises a u-shaped housing and a v-shaped fitting piece which is capable of being folded and is supported by a flexible supporting piece above said u-shaped housing in the open position . in use an object is wrapped by the v-shaped fitting piece , and the so wrapped object is snapped in the u-shaped opening of the housing and is caught by the vertical walls of the housing . the unique structure of the device assures an easy and reliable operation .
a control system for a continuously variable automatic transmission for an automotive vehicle , includes a throttle opening sensor that detects a throttle opening , and a controller that executes a change-speed control in a normal mode in which a desired transmission input speed is determined based on operating conditions of the vehicle and a desired transmission ratio is determined based on the desired transmission input speed when the throttle opening is less than a first value , and that executes the change-speed control in a linear mode in which the desired transmission ratio is fixed to a second value when the throttle opening is greater than or equal to the first value . the second value is set based on the desired transmission ratio used in the normal mode prior to switching to the linear mode .
an optical multi-layer structure for a flat panel display device is provided . the optical multi-layer structure includes a first optical layer , a second optical layer , a surface strengthening layer , and an adhesive layer . the first optical layer converts a light into a first polarized light . the second optical layer is disposed on the first optical layer and converts the first polarized light into a second polarized light . the surface strengthening layer is disposed on the second optical layer . the adhesive layer is disposed between the second optical layer and the surface strengthening layer , and is in direct contact with the second optical layer and the surface strengthening layer . a flat panel display device having the optical multi-layer structure is also disclosed .
a faucet includes a body having a main bore including an inlet and an outlet . a bonnet and spout are connected to the body . a stem includes a first portion inserted into the outlet of the main bore and a second portion that projects through the bonnet chamber to a distal end . the first portion of the stem comprises a flow path and the stem is slidably movable relative to the body and bonnet between a first position and a second position . a seal is carried by the stem and is engaged with the stem and sealing face when the stem is located in the first position . the seal is spaced from the sealing face when the said stem is moved to the second position . a handle is operably connected to the distal end of the second portion of the stem . a spring biases the stem to the first position .
the invention relates to a cooking apparatus for simultaneous cooking of a plurality of food items . the apparatus has a control unit ( 1 ) with a conductor ( 7 ) arranged to be connected to an electric energy supply and has switching means 10 . according to the invention the control unit ( 1 ) is provided with a plurality of electrical connection means ( 2a , 2b , 2c , 2d ) . each connection means ( 2a , 2b , 2c , 2d ) is arranged to be connectable to a cooking pot ( 4a , 4b , 4c , 4d ) for supply of electric energy to a respective cooking pot ( 4a , 4b , 4c , 4d ) . the control unit ( 1 ) is arranged to allow simultaneous supply of electric energy through the plurality of 1 connection means ( 2a , 2b , 2c , 2d ) . the invention also relates to a cooking pot ( 4a , 4b , 4c , 4d ) with heating means ( 3a , 3b , 3c ) to supply heat to a food item ( 5a , 5b , 5c , 5d ) . the cooking pot ( 4a , 4b , 4c , 4d ) has an electric connection unit ( 9a , 9b , 9c , 9d ) . the connection unit ( 9a , 9b , 9c , 9d ) is arranged to be connected to either one of a plurality of 20 connection means ( 2a , 2b , 2c , 2d ) of a control unit ( 1 ) . the invention also relates to a corresponding method for cooking .
the object of the invention is to provide simple and cost-effective , internal rupture protection for the axial turbine of an exhaust-gas turbocharger . at the same time , the functional reliability of the exhaust-gas turbocharger is to be increased . according to the invention , this is achieved in that the rupture-protection ring ( 8 ) is designed as an integral , essentially radially extending , part of the gas-inlet-side wall ( 5 ) of the gas-outlet casing ( 2 ) and is connected to the gas-inlet casing ( 1 ) either directly or via an axial extension piece ( 6 ) arranged upstream .
steam power plant having a steam line passing through a wall , and a valve disposed in the course of the steam line and formed with a housing , includes a plurality of additional valve fittings connected adjacent one another to the housing of the valve , each of the valve fittings having a smaller nominal diameter than that of the valve and having a respective housing joined to the valve housing and connected to respective additional lines downstream from the valve , the locations at which the valve housing and the respective housings of the valve fittings are joined having a bending resistance moment that is at least double the bending resistance moment of the additional lines .
small arms projectile wherein lead core thereof has its front or nose portion replaced with a structurally integral low-density plastic filler material , the filler material shearing from the lead core to provide a double wound tract upon slight penetration of the projectile into a soft target .
a method and apparatus for penetrating a well casing and surrounding earth strata includes the insertion of a flexible shaft having a ball cutter on an end thereof into upset tubing within a well casing . the upset tubing is provided with an elbow at its lower extremity for receiving the ball cutter therein . the flexible shaft is then rotated and the ball cutter cuts a hole in the well casing and is then moved horizontally a distance , usually less than 30 '' . the flexible shaft and ball cutter are then removed and a flexible tube having a nozzle blaster on an end thereof is then inserted into the upset tubing in the channel . a fluid of surfactant and water at high pressure is then pumped into the tube wherein the high pressure fluid passes through orifice in the spiral drill thereby cutting an extension into the previously cut channel . the tube is continually feed into the channel as the high pressure fluid continues to blast away the earth 's strata . the channel is then cut a preselected distance from the well up to 200 feet and beyond .
an air conditioner capable of achieving both user comfort and power reduction is provided . the air conditioner includes a mean room temperature sensing mechanism 13 for sensing the mean room temperature of an indoor space , a normal target pressure memory 14 storing a normal target pressure set to a target value during normal control operation of a compressor controller and related with the outdoor temperature and air-conditioning load of the indoor space , a normal temperature difference computation unit 15 for calculating a temperature difference between a normal saturation temperature corresponding to the normal target pressure and the mean room temperature as a normal temperature difference , and a power reduction temperature difference computation unit 16 for calculating a power reduction temperature difference reduced from the normal temperature difference on the basis of a target power consumption decrement with respect to power consumption during normal control of the air conditioner , a compressor controller 18 is configured to control a compressor 5 by changing a power reduction target pressure , which is a saturation pressure corresponding to a power reduction saturation temperature calculated on the basis of the mean room temperature and the power reduction temperature difference , to the target value .
a fuel system for an automotive vehicle equipped with a diesel engine includes a fuel tank , a fuel injection pump , a fuel supply passage for conducting fuel from the fuel tank to the fuel injection pump , and a fuel return passage for conducting fuel from the fuel injection pump to the fuel tank . a hydraulically powered lift pump moves fuel from the fuel tank to the fuel injection pump through a fuel supply passage . the lift pump includes a hydraulic motor powered by fuel flowing through the fuel return passage and a primary fuel pump coupled to and powered by the hydraulic motor , with the primary fuel pump providing fuel to the injection pump through the fuel supply passage .
the present invention relates to a led street lamp , and more particularly to led street lamp which is easy to maintenance . the led street lamp comprises street lamp pole , lamp body and led bulbs , said lamp body is mounted on the top of said street lamp pole , said led bulbs is mounted in said lamp body , wherein the led street lamp further comprises power supply adapter and constant current actuating device , said power supply adapter is mounted at the bottom of said street lamp pole , said constant current actuating device is mounted in said lamp body . the led street lamp involved in the present invention is easy to maintenance .
a tool for installing water pipe made of a central body , a ring encircling the central body , a tapered end , and an anvil end . water pipe slides over the tapered end , over the ring and is stopped by the anvil in for impact installation in soil enabling water pipe to be installed beneath an immovable structure by impacting the anvil end .
a method and apparatus for automatically changing and disposing of used engine oil for a diesel engine . an oil conduct means is provided which conducts a portion of the engine oil circulating through the lubrication system of a diesel engine to the fuel system to be mixed with the fuel . the oil/fuel mixture is burned in the combustion chamber . an oil tank is provided outside of the lubricant system . an oil supply means is provided which automatically supplies oil from the oil tank to the lubricant system when the amount of oil within the lubricant system decreases .
a nc machine tool having a constitution in which a table ( 15 , 115 ) for placing a work thereon and a spindle ( 14 , 114 ) for setting a tool are relatively moved by three feed mechanisms ( 18-20 , 118-120 ) , for x-axis , for y-axis , and for z-axis , to carry out machining . a preload is applied to all the three feed mechanisms ( 18-20 , 118-120 ) , for x-axis , for y-axis , and for z-axis , using a rack-pinion ( 21 , 22 , 24 , 25 , 27 , 28 , 121 , 122 , 124 , 125 , 127 , 128 ) , and using two motors ( 16 , 23 , 29 ) for each axis to prevent backlash in the rack-pinion .
in an automatic transmission in which the electronic control instrument ( 13 ) detects , outside the circuits , a fault in the input values ( 18 to 20 ) , the couplings and the brakes ( a to f ) . when a fault is present for an extended period , the electronic control instrument ( 13 ) detects a symptom and switches to a replacement gear . hereby maximum driveability is ensured without a diagnosis entry .
a gas turbine engine article includes a substrate extending between two circumferential sides , a leading edge , a trailing edge , an inner side for resisting hot engine exhaust gases , and an outer side . a gaspath layer is bonded to the inner side of the substrate and includes a metallic alloy having a columnar microstructure .
a lighting device , comprising a first group of solid state light emitters and a first group of lumiphors , wherein at least some of the first group of solid state light emitters are contained in a first group of packages , each of which also comprises at least one of the first group of lumiphors . if all of the first group of solid state light emitters which are contained in the first group of packages are illuminated and/or if current is supplied to a power line , ( 1 ) a combined illumination from the first group of packages would , in the absence of any additional light , have color coordinates on a 1976 cie chromaticity diagram which define a first point , and ( 2 ) at least 20 % of the packages would emit light having color coordinates spaced from the first point . also , methods of lighting .
an arrow quiver for carrying arrows is provided . the arrow quiver comprises a cross member having a first end and a second end . a gripping mechanism is secured to the first end of the cross member . a blade hood is secured to the second end of the cross member for forming a blade receiving pocket with the blade hood having a base and a cover with the cover movable from the base .
a weapon includes a receiver which defines a dust-tight and water-tight space accommodating a barrel and a bolt assembly slidably carried by the barrel at the breech thereof . an ignition device is arranged within the space defined by the receiver for igniting , at predetermined times , combustible gases accumulating in that space .
a wiring harness clamp is provided with a main body , a locking projection projected from the main body , and a pair of resilient latch arms extended from both sides of a top surface of the locking projection directed to the main body . each of the resilient latch arm includes a latch portion including a guiding bevel at the distal end thereof . when the locking projection is inserted to a mounting hole of a panel , the latch portions are engaged with a peripheral border of the mounting hole . when the main body is pulled up so that the guiding bevel abuts the peripheral border , the resilient latch arms are elastically bent so as to cancel the engagement .
a two-cycle engine includes scavenging passages on the cylinder side and the crankcase side as the passages to supply scavenging gas into the cylinder . the passage on the cylinder side includes a passage inside the cylinder sidewall having substantially the same inner diameter as that of the opening area of the scavenging charge port , while the passage on the crankcase side includes a space between the inner peripheral surface at the top end of the crankcase and the outer peripheral surface of the piston , and a connection means provided between the top end of the space and the lower end of the scavenger passage of the cylinder . as the fuel mixture in the crank chamber flows into the scavenging passage on the cylinder side through the narrow space of the passage on the crankcase side and the connection means , the rapid inflow of the fuel mixture into the cylinder is restrained and the supply of the fuel mixture is sustained constantly high until the latter half of the scavenging time . this enables an optimum supply of fuel mixture , and radically decreases the amount of unburned gas in the fuel mixture that is emitted with the exhaust gas .
a fluorescent light fixture accommodates a circular type fluorescent light element , or alternatively , a plurality of concentrically disposed circular type fluorescent light elements which may be readily mounted upon the fixture in order to alter the wattage rating of the same as desired . a translucent , substantially rigid , yet somewhat flexible , flat mounting plate has a conventional electrical ballast member mounted upon one side or surface thereof and similarly has a conventional , incandescent type lamp plug mounted upon the other side or surface thereof , the plug being electrically connected to the ballast member which is , in turn , electrically connected to the fluorescent light elements . the mounting plate has a substantially square-type configuration the corners of which are permanently deformed so as to integrally form flexible and resilient clip or clamping members for removably retaining the fluorescent elements upon the fixture , the elements being snapped thereinto . as a result of the provision of the flat mounting plate , and the mounted interrelationship between the same and the ballast and plug members , the fixture is particularly adaptable to be mounted upon a supporting surface in a flush manner whereby the light elements are able to be disposed immediately adjacent such surface and disposed parallel thereto .
mechanical pipe connections are provided by this invention which include an interlocking system between two pipes to be connected within a tubular fitting member . the interlocking system includes male and female portions which mechanically mesh together to form binding contact between the pipes to reduce the individual rotation of the pipes relative to one another .
a method of manufacturing a steering rack for a vehicle rack and pinion steering system . the rack comprises gear teeth and a shank that has a constant outside diameter and constant wall thickness over the majority of its length . the method comprises performing a forging operation on a tubular member with an elongate member positioned in the bore of a thickened region of the tubular member . the forging operation forms the gear teeth on the thickened region , and the elongate member is retained within the tubular member . the tubular member is made by performing a forming operation on a length of tube stock such that the outside diameter of the thickened region is smaller than the outside diameter of the shank , and the wall thickness of the thickened region is larger than the wall thickness of the shank .
a plate sandwich structure for a heat transfer device provides flow duct plate units alternately stacked upon one another having flow duct breakthroughs which extend between two lateral plate areas as well as with connection duct breakthroughs , which are arranged separately from the flow duct breakthroughs , and connection cover plate units having connection duct breakthroughs arranged at least in two lateral plate areas . the last named breakthroughs suitably overlap with equal-sided ends in a flow duct breakthrough of one adjoining lateral plate area as well as a connection duct breakthrough of a flow duct plate unit adjoining the other lateral plate area . this results in two separate flow duct systems which are capable of passing two fluids in a cross current , reverse current or direct current . the structure can be used , for example , as a high temperature battery cooling element .
an apparatus serving to detect pressure fluctuations in the combustion chamber of an internal combustion engine , including an ionic current sensor , which is exposed to the gases in the combustion chamber and comprises a first electrode and a second electrode , between which a measurement voltage is applied and between which a connecting channel extends from the open combustion chamber into a dead space . in this manner , ionic currents may be detected which are caused by fluctuating pressures in the combustion chamber , particularly when there is engine knocking . particularly when the geometry of the dead space is adapted to the frequency of the pressure fluctuations which are to be measured , these pressure fluctuations can be detected independently of other , slower pressure variations in the form of a pulsating current which is large when the ion-carrying gas enters the dead space and small when this gas , by now strongly deionized , exits the dead space .
a power transfer unit includes a non-parallel gear set and a parallel gear set integrally packaged within a housing . the housing includes an extension portion that connects the power transfer unit to a transmission assembly . the extension portion is formed having a structural web with one or more cavities . these cavities include inner cavities that define a portion of the interior volume of the housing and may also include outer cavities that open to the outer side of the housing . the web between cavities provides structural rigidity for the power transfer unit , while the cavities minimize the weight of the power transfer unit .
a mechanics flywheel belt tensioning tool kit is formed by a elongated strap metal handle extension removably connected at one end with a selected one of a series of strap metal dogleg-shaped wrench extensions . each wrench extension is selectively provided on one of its flat surfaces with a rigidly connected laterally projecting standard socket wrench drive or wrench socket capable of entering with the handle extension , relatively narrow crowded spaces in vehicle engine compartments .
a cylinder block comprises a cylinder-barrel structure having a plurality of cylinder barrels ; a water jacket outer wall structure disposed spaced from the cylinder-barrel structure to define therebetween a water jacket , the outer wall structure being fully spaced from said cylinder-barrel structure at the top surface of the cylinder block onto which top surface a cylinder head is to be secured , the outer wall structure including first and second side wall sections which are located opposite so as to interpose therebetween the cylinder-barrel structure ; and a reinforcement member disposed to rigidly connect the first and second side wall sections in a manner to traverse said cylinder-barrel structure , thereby suppressing the vibration of the water jacket outer wall structure thus preventing noise emission therefrom .
the invention is a hydraulic dashpot for motor vehicles . it comprises a shock-absorber cylinder and a shock-absorber piston and piston rod . the cylinder accommodates a shock-absorbing fluid . the piston divides the cylinder into two displacement compartments . the piston is connected to the vehicle 's body or wheel mass by a neck-and-collar pivot that comprises two components . the first component is a collar . the second is a neck . the neck is preferably rubber and metal . the electric supply lines to one or more sensors and/or one or more variable valves extend outward and are connected to the connecting lines of the processing-and/or-actuating circuit by a plug-and-socket connection . an outer ring has a bore that corresponds with the inside of the cylinder or with the inside of the piston rod for the electric supply lines to extend through . a groove extends at least part-way around the inner surface of the outer ring and accommodates the electric supply lines . the outer ring has another bore through its circumference , through which the electric supply lines extend to the plug-and-socket connection .
an apparatus for providing temperature control and agitation to a plurality of reaction vessels comprises a plurality of elastic receptacles on a block , each receptacle supporting a reaction vessel below its neck , and , a plurality of elastic couplings , each coupling retaining a reaction vessel at its neck section . a flow channel is provided within the block to transfer a liquid temperature control medium to the reaction vessels . the flow channel is routed to each receptacle individually , thereby supplying the medium directly to the corresponding reaction vessel . a shaking arrangement is provided to agitate the reaction vessels by moving the receptacles horizontally relative to the couplings . the greatest deflection of each reaction vessel occurs at its base , while the neck sections are subjected to slight movement .
a non-evacuated dewar 10 advantageously employs a molecular sieve 30 that serves to adsorb gasses in the dewar when cooled during operation of the detector 24 thereby preventing liquid formation onto the detector . the effects of outgassing and permeation during storage are substantially eliminated because the dewar package is in partial pressure equilibrium with its environment since the interior of the dewar is backfilled with the same inert gas as is in the surrounding outside environment . a second molecular sieve 40 may be used to adsorb moisture which may permeate into the housing .
a pipe joint , includes a press fitting with a section that is beaded in cross-section and holds a sealing ring and with a cylindrical area attached thereto that has , at the end of its extension , a flange-like depression forming a stop . the pipe joint also includes a pipe , whose smooth end , after being inserted into the press fitting , comes to rest on the inner stop of the press fitting . a non-detachable , tight pipe joint is formed by means of a pressing tool having at least two pressing jaws encompassing the press fitting after the pressing jaws are closed . during pressing , the pressing jaws act both on the annular bead , including the sealing ring placed therein , and on the cylindrical area of the press fitting . a clamping means that largely prevents the axial displacement of the inserted pipe and whose internal diameter in the non-stressed state is smaller than the smallest external diameter of the inserted pipe permitted by tolerances is arranged in the insertion area for the pipe in the press fitting outside the action area of the pressing jaws .
the invention relates to a fuel-injection system for an internal combustion engine . the fuel-injection system contains a number of fuel injectors which are supplied with fuel by a high-pressure pump via a common inlet pipe and high-pressure lines leading from said pump to the individual fuel injectors . high-pressure storage devices are provided in each of the high-pressure lines in each of the high-pressure lines , the fuel storage volumes of said high-pressure storage devices being between 80 and 300 times , preferably between 120 and 200 times the maximum injection quantity per injection action . the diameter d.sub.2 of the high-pressure lines leading from the common inlet pipe to the high-pressure storage devices is measured to minimize the difference in the quantities of fuel injected by the fuel injectors .
a reserving apparatus of a refrigerator having a door and a case that forms a main reserving chamber therein , comprises : a supplementary reserving frame that forms a supplementary reserving chamber at the door separately from the main reserving chamber ; a partition member coupled to the supplementary reserving frame , for partitioning the supplementary reserving chamber ; and a connecting portion for connecting the partition member to the supplementary reserving frame so that a partitioned space inside the supplementary reserving chamber can be variable . storage items having various sizes and forms , such as a storage items having a relatively large size and a storage items having a relatively small size , can be effectively reserved at a suitably-adjusted space inside the supplementary reserving chamber . accordingly , the supplementary reserving chamber can have enhanced spatial utilization degree .
a position restoring apparatus for an open and close device includes a casing base , a first actuating member , a second actuating member , a first end cover , a second end cover , an output shaft and a motor . the casing base has main member with a hollow seat . the first actuating member has a first disk part with a first block and a first rack at a lateral side of the first block . the second actuating member has a second disk part with a second block and a second rack . the first end cover provides a plurality of first elastic components . the second end cover provides a plurality of second elastic components . the output shaft provides a joining part to mesh with the first and second racks . the motor shaft extends upward a rod part with an electromagnet , a stationary disk member and a movable disk member .
a temperature control apparatus for a refrigerator and a control method therefor , mount an air circulation fan in addition to a prior refrigerating fan into the refrigerating compartment , drive the air circulation fan together with the refrigerating fan or drive only the air circulation fan , obtain a uniform cooling effect of a refrigerating compartment , feebly circulate a cool air when opening a door of the refrigerating compartment , and quickly cool the refrigerating compartment after closing the door . the temperature control apparatus of the refrigerator includes : an air circulation fan which is additionally mounted to the refrigerating compartment , and is separated from the refrigerating fan ; and a controller which drives the compressor , the refrigerating fan , and the air circulation fan if a refrigerating compartment temperature sensed by the refrigerating compartment temperature sensor is higher than a refrigerating compartment set temperature , and periodically turns on or off the air circulation fan under an off state of the refrigerating fan if the refrigerating compartment door is opened .
a method for producing a wound insulating conduit , in particular for a high-voltage insulator , with at least one empty channel for subsequent insertion of a conductor , e.g. , an optical fiber . first layers of a material to be wound are applied first , then a molded body provided with at least one empty conduit is applied to a resulting surface and wrapped by additional layers . the molded body has lateral projections which extend over an entire length of the empty conduit and are designed so that they correspond to the surface to which it is secured .
a protective structure includes a substrate made of a nickel-base superalloy component of a gas turbine engine , and a ceramic thermal barrier coating overlying and bonded to the substrate . the ceramic coating is an open-cell solid foam of aluminum oxide ceramic cell walls having a porous interconnected intracellular volume therebetween . the ceramic coating is prepared by depositing a precursor material onto the surface of the substrate . the precursor material includes a sacrificial ceramic , typically silicon dioxide , and a reactive metal , typically aluminum , which is reactive with the sacrificial ceramic to form an open-celled ceramic foam . the sacrificial ceramic and the reactive metal are reacted together to form ceramic cell walls of an oxidized ceramic of the reactive metal , preferably aluminum oxide , and an interconnected intracellular volume therebetween filled with an intracellular metal . the intracellular metal is thereafter removed to leave a porous intracellular volume .
inertia control system for a wind turbine comprising a rotor ( 5 ) , generator ( 12 ) driven by the rotor ( 5 ) that interacts with a power converter ( 13 ) to generate electricity , a wind turbine controller ( 15 ) that comprises a blade pitch controller ( 19 ) and a generated power controller ( 18 ) , a controller for the power converter ( 14 ) that interacts with the wind turbine controller ( 15 ) , characterized because it comprises an inertia emulation block ( 17 ) that generates an extra power signal ( 32 ) negatively proportional to the frequency change rate ( 23 ) that is added to the power reference of the wind turbine generated power controller ( 15 ) and adapts the rotational speed reference of the wind turbine controller ( 15 ) according to the grid frequency ( 21 ) to prevent distortion in the active power output after adding or subtracting power in proportion to the frequency change rate ( 23 ) .
a refrigerant guiding pipe has a pipe wall in which an inner chamber is formed ; an opening formed in the pipe wall ; and a refrigerant guiding wall portion , at least a part of an edge of the refrigerant guiding wall portion being separated from the pipe wall , thereby forming the opening . the refrigerant guiding pipe can help alleviate generation of non-uniform distribution of refrigerant due to layering of gaseous refrigerant and liquid refrigerant .
the invention relates to a hydraulic rim brake for bicycles with a triggering mechanism which is attached to the handlebar of the bicycle and is actuated by a hand lever , with two brake cylinder housings which are attached to the frame of the bicycle in oppositely located relationship to each other and enclose between them a wheel rim , the brake cylinder housings being connected by pressure lines to the triggering mechanism , with pistons displaceable in the brake cylinder housings , and with brake shoe supports arranged on these pistons for supporting brake shoes engaging the rim . in order to protect the piston from the effect of harmful bending moments , provision is made for the brake shoe supports to be in the form of flanges which are connected to the piston and are each displaceable parallel to the motion of the brake piston in a slide guide provided on the brake cylinder housing , and for the slide guide to simultaneously constitute abutments for absorption of the braking forces .
a brake body , for a brake pad or a disk brake lining , comprising : a support body having at least one recess ; at least one friction material element arranged in the at least one recess with the at least one friction material element being movably inserted in a longitudinal direction in the at least one recess and , together with the support body , forming a friction surface ; and a share-elastic intermediate layer inserted in a space along the at least one recess between the at least one friction material element and the support body .
a dual fuel common rail engine supplies pressurized natural gas and liquid diesel fuel at different pressures through a co-axial quill assembly for direct injection from a single fuel injector into an engine cylinder . each coaxial quill assembly includes a matched pair of inner and outer quills that are chosen to have dimensions that allow both quills to sealingly engage each fuel injector at a common conical seat responsive to a clamping force applied along an axis . matched pairs of inner and outer quills are retained together during pre-installation handling with a retainer that is left between the inner and outer quills after installation in an engine .
a purge arrangement for absorption refrigeration systems using a solution of lithium bromide as an absorbent and water as a refrigerant , and a heat transfer additive , such as octyl alcohol being added to and mixing with the lithium bromide solution . the purge arrangement includes means for automatically removing noncondensible gases or vapor from the system , said means including a vacuum pump connected to a receiver to draw noncondensible gases therefrom ; automatic electrical control means for said vacuum pump ; and an additive overflow conduit to prevent additive collecting in the storage receiver and to assure additive return flow into the solution conduit .
a supercharged multi-cylinder piston engine includes an elongate air inlet manifold and multiple heat transfer elements located in the interior space of the air inlet manifold . the heat transfer elements extend individually over different respective length segments of the interior space of the manifold and extend collectively over substantially the entire length of the interior space of the manifold .
a panel is attached to a panel frame such that the panel is movable relative to the panel frame . a weather strip is attached to the frame to seal the periphery of the panel . a gap is defined between the end of the panel and an adjacent inner wall of the weather strip . cohesive elastic material is located in the gap . the panel end face is inclined by an acute angle relative to the upper surface of the panel such that the gap widens in the downward direction . when compressed and deformed between the end of the panel and the inner wall of the weather strip , the elastic material is pressed downward , which prevents the elastic material from bulging upward and spoiling the appearance of the weather strip .
an air-fuel ratio control system for an internal combustion engine includes an air-fuel ratio sensor arranged in the exhaust system of the engine . an ecu estimates the air-fuel ratio of a mixture supplied to each of the cylinders cylinder by cylinder in response to an output from the air-fuel ratio sensor , by using an observer for observing an internal operative state of the exhaust system , based on a model representative of the behavior of the exhaust system , and calculates cylinder-by-cylinder air-fuel ratio control amounts corresponding respectively to the cylinders for carrying out feedback control of the air-fuel ratio of the mixture supplied to each of the cylinders such that the estimated air-fuel ratio of the mixture supplied to each of the cylinders is converged to a desired value . upper and lower limit values of the cylinder-by-cylinder air-fuel ratio control amounts are set according to at least one of an rotational speed change amount of the engine and atmospheric pressure , and the cylinder-by-cylinder air-fuel ratio control amounts are limited so as to fall within an allowable range defined by the upper and lower limit values .
a method of on-demand energy delivery to an active suspension system is disclosed . the suspension system includes an actuator body , a hydraulic pump , an electric motor , a plurality of sensors , an energy storage facility , and a controller . the method includes disposing an active suspension system in a vehicle between a wheel mount and a vehicle body , detecting a wheel event requiring control of the active suspension ; and sourcing energy from the energy storage facility and delivering it to the electric motor in response to the wheel event .
a wire cutter for electrically cutting a path through wires to allow a land ehicle to pass therethrough is provided . the wire cutter does not use the forward motion of the vehicle to provide the actual cutting and in general can cut any thickness of wire located in front of the vehicle . the wire cutter device includes first and second conductive rods mounted in spaced relationship and connected to voltages of different values , e.g. , to the positive and negative terminals of a power supply . a wire catcher device , comprising a pair of arms which are arranged in a u-shaped configuration and on which the rods are mounted , is provided for capturing wires located in the path of the vehicle and for guiding wires so captured to the rods so as to complete an electrical circuit through the rods and thus provide melting of wires so captured .
a bearing for a fuel pump includes a sliding layer made of mainly carbon , and a supporting layer made of mainly carbon and a metal . the supporting layer is connected to the sliding layer to support the sliding layer . because the sliding layer of the bearing is made of mainly carbon , corrosion resistance of the bearing can be improved . further , the supporting layer improves the strength of the bearing . accordingly , the bearing with the two-layer structure effectively improves the corrosion resistance while the strength thereof can be increased . the bearing can be suitably used for the fuel pump . in this case , the bearing is press-fitted to a casing member on the supporting layer , and a rotary shaft of the fuel pump is slidably held in the bearing on the sliding layer .
the repair link is a c-shaped member and a junction member , the junction member having enlarged tongues with narrower roots and the c shaped member is complementary . welding to hold the junction member in place preferably is caused to adhere to the c-shaped member rather than the junction member .
an object of the present invention is to be able to execute motor assist only when it is necessary at a time of starting an engine , and drive a motor efficiently . an engine 10 includes a starter motor 34 for aiding in starting , and performs motor assist by the starter motor 34 in accordance with necessity when the engine is to start independently by combustion . an ecu 50 predicts a torque t1 that is generated in an initial explosion cylinder at a time of starting before actual combustion , and performs independent starting without driving the motor 34 , when the prediction torque t1 is a starting request torque ts1 or more . when the prediction torque t1 is less than the starting request torque ts1 , the ecu 50 drives the motor 34 and performs starting by motor assist . thereby , power consumption of a battery and the like can be suppressed by decreasing wasteful drive of the motor , and the starter motor 34 can be efficiently driven while startability is secured .
a turbine shaft , in particular for a steam turbine , is oriented along an axis of rotation . the turbine shaft has a first region with a maximum radius r1 and a second region adjoining the first region and having a maximum radius r2 > r1 . the first region includes a first base material for use at a temperature of over 550 & deg ; c. and the second region includes a second base material for use at a temperature below 550 & deg ; c. an alloy steel used for the first and the second base materials in each case has a chromium content of between 8.0 % by weight and 12.5 % by weight at a substantially identical austenitizing temperature . a method is provided for producing the turbine shaft .
a centrifugal pump of the type adapted to pump high consistency fiber suspensions includes impeller vanes having portions which are immediately adjacent the fiber suspension in the interior of a vessel from which the suspension is to be pumped . the pump additionally includes a sideplate which is mounted directly to the vessel containing the fiber suspension so as to permit the impeller of the pump to be brought in close proximity to the fiber suspension in the vessel . the sideplate additionally includes elongated portions that extend along the outer contour of the vanes of the impeller to determine the directions from which fiber suspension enters the impeller of the pump .
a tool for the remote-controlled pulling , aligning and connecting of a subsea conduit to a subsea installation . the tool includes a framework , a pulling wire with a pulling head which can be releasably attached to the end of the subsea conduit and also optionally aligning means which bring the ends of the conduit which are to be connected in line with one another . the tool has a frame pivotally mounted on the framework around a substantially horizontal axis oriented substantially at right angle to the axis of the conduit and at almost the same height at which the conduit will finally lie , said frame including a grip elevator which can grip and hold the pulled conduit and manipulate the end of the conduit between a slanting pulling position and a final substantially horizontal connecting position .
an engine for a motorcycle includes an engine case split in an upper case section and a lower case section . a mating surface between the upper case section and the lower case section extends linearly and inclines forward downward in a side view of the motorcycle . a crankshaft , a transmission input shaft , and a balancer shaft extending in the width direction of the motorcycle are rotatably supported at the mating surface , and a transmission output shaft rotated by the transmission input shaft is supported in the lower case section . the balancer shaft , the crankshaft , and the transmission input shaft are arranged in that order from the front side in the running direction of the motorcycle . the transmission output shaft is disposed below the transmission input shaft .
a system includes a filtering module that filters a first signal that indicates an amount of nitrogen oxides ( nox ) in exhaust gas upstream from a catalyst , and that filters a second signal that indicates amounts of nox and ammonia ( nh3 ) in exhaust gas downstream from the catalyst . a slip determination module determines whether nh3 is present in exhaust gas downstream from the catalyst based on a frequency response of the first and second signals .
an led lamp includes a lamp base with a plate-like shape , a bracket mounted on a top side of the lamp base , a heat sink fixed on the bracket , two led modules respectively attached on two opposite ends of the heat sink , and a housing engaging on the lamp base and enclosing the bracket , the heat sink and the led modules therein . the bracket includes two horizontal sections coupled to the lamp base , two connecting sections respectively abutting against the two opposite ends of the heat sink and a pair of fixing arms for suspending the heat sink above the lamp holder . each fixing arm extends upwardly from a corresponding horizontal section and connects with a corresponding connecting section .
the pan head consists of a single tube for supporting the tilt arm and the table in mutual rotatable relationship . a knob is attached to the rod for retaining the table and tilt arm against separation by withdrawal of the axis tube from its bore and also for urging the tapered pieces into the open end of the tube for interlocking the table and tilt arm .
a hand-held working implement comprises an internal combustion engine , an air filter , and an intermediate flange , wherein the intermediate flange is arranged between the air filter and the internal combustion engine , wherein the bottom of the intermediate flange is arranged opposite the air filter bottom , wherein the air filter bottom and the intermediate flange bound an interior space , wherein the interior space comprises a portion of the duct , wherein a portion of the duct in the interior space is bounded by at least one boundary wall which protrudes into the interior space transversely with respect to the air filter bottom , wherein the boundary wall is formed integrally on the intermediate flange and/or on the air filter bottom , and wherein the boundary wall bridges the spacing between the air filter bottom and the bottom of the intermediate flange .
the elastic sliding bearing for chassis parts in motor vehicles has a rigid inner bushing , an outer bushing , and an elastomeric body surrounding them . the inner bushing and the outer bushing are provided at both ends with axial bearing surfaces on radially extending flange projections ( 8 , 9 ) , and a seal surrounding the flange projections ( 8 ) on the outer bushing ( 2 ) is provided . the seal acts against the axially outer flange surface of the outer bushing ( 2 ) with at least one sealing lip . a plastic layer ( 5 ) possessing good sliding properties , whose outer contact surface with the outer bushing has lubricant pockets ( 6 ) for receiving a grease filling , is provided on the outer jacket of the inner bushing ( 1 ) . the radially extending flange projections ( 9 ) at the axial ends of the inner bushing consist of an annular disk ( 10 ) each made from plastic , which is placed axially non-displaceably on the plastic layer ( 5 ) extending continuously to the axial end of the inner bushing ( 1 ) by means of a snap-in connection , while undergoing elastic expansion .
an apparatus for testing the spraying condition of fuel injection valves in diesel engines for marine or other use comprises an oil pressure booster composed of a high pressure chamber having check valves on opposite sides and a cylinder chamber having a piston for reciprocating plunger in the high pressure chamber , a fuel injection valve connected to the high pressure chamber of the oil pressure booster , an oil feed pump for feeding low pressure oil into the high pressure chamber and cylinder chamber of the oil pressure booster , and a switching valve for feeding oil from the oil feed pump alternately into the oil inlet-outlet ports on opposite sides of the cylinder chamber , the arrangement being such that after the high pressure chamber of the oil pressure booster and the fuel injection valve are filled with low-pressure oil , a high pressure is produced in the high pressure chamber and in the fuel injection valve and this high pressure oil is used to operate the fuel injection valve .
a flexible drive coupling comprised of a pair of identical coupling members and a flexible coupling insert disposed between the two coupling members for transmitting torque from the coupling member connected to the shaft of the prime mover to the coupling member connected to the shaft of the load . each of the coupling members has a generally epitrochoidal-shaped insert disposed within a similarly shaped bore in the coupling member . the insert in turn has a shaft bore formed therein and a break in one wall thereof so that when torque is applied thereto , the insert readily conforms to the size of the shaft to thereby clamp the coupling member to the shaft .
a composite structure of elastic and viscoelastic components in which dynamic loads are effectively damped by transmission through the viscoelastic components . the structure includes a continuous sandwich comprised either of a single elastic layer enclosed by two viscoelastic layers or of a single viscoelastic layer enclosed by two elastic layers such that the sandwich has little stiffness in any intended direction of loading , and two segmented elastic layers having stiffness in a desired loading direction . the segmented layers have alternating segments and gaps and are disposed one on each side of the viscoelastic layer in such a manner that the gaps of one segmented layer overlap the segments of the other segmented layer . dynamic loads in the loading direction are transmitted back and forth from one segmented layer to the other , through the continuous sandwich layer containing the viscoelastic material , which thereby provides a high degree of damping . static loads in the loading direction are transmitted through the elastic material in the continuous sandwich layer . by appropriate selection of elastic materials , the structure can be made suitable for the damping of loads in all directions while maintaining considerable strength and static stiffness . appropriate selection of fiber orientations can increase the damping effect on either axial and bending loads , or on torsional loads .
an automotive starting system includes an accumulator , a hydraulic motor , and an engine controller . the accumulator is adapted for holding a charge of pressurized fluid . the hydraulic motor has a fluid input operatively connected to the accumulator and has an output shaft operatively connected to an internal combustion engine of an automotive vehicle . the engine controller shuts off the engine if an idle engine condition exists and restarts the engine using the hydraulic motor following an idle engine shut-off if a predetermined engine-start condition exists . a method for starting an internal combustion engine of an automotive vehicle includes having the engine controller shut off the engine if an idle engine condition exists and thereafter having the engine controller restart the engine using the hydraulic motor if a predetermined engine-start condition exists .
an object of the present invention is to provide a multilayered pipe having a layer comprising a resin composition containing evoh , which is unlikely to exhibit the occurrence of cracking in the evoh layer due to oxidative degeneration and has excellent gas barrier property even during long-term usage at high temperatures , and also to provide a resin composition for obtaining the multilayered pipe . the present invention relates to a resin composition containing 0.001 to 5 parts by mass of an antioxidant ( b ) and 0.00001 to 0.3 parts by mass of a conjugated polyene compound ( c ) having a molecular weight of 1000 or less , relative to 100 parts by mass of an ethylene-vinyl alcohol copolymer ( a ) .
an apparatus and method for delivering a fluid during a series of infusion intervals , consecutive infusion intervals being separated by a non-infusion interval , each infusion interval beginning at a predetermined time and having a first predetermined period , and each non-infusion interval beginning at a predetermined time and having a second predetermined period . the apparatus comprises a pump mechanism and circuitry operatively connected to the pump mechanism . the circuitry is configured so that , if the pump is disabled during one of the infusion intervals , the circuitry will determine the length of time the pump is disabled , interrupt the infusion interval while the pump is disabled , and delay the beginning of subsequent infusion and non-infusion intervals for a length of time approximately equal to the length of time the pump is disabled . if the pump is disabled and then enabled during the second predetermined period of one of the non-infusion intervals , begin the succeeding infusion interval at the predetermined beginning time .
a releasable connection for attaching a cover to a molded intake manifold including a series of projections on the cover received into recesses in a flange molded into the manifold . tapered recesses in the projections and adjacent sloping surfaces in the flange define opposing spaced surfaces , with a key pin inserted between the opposing surfaces to lock the cover to the flange .
an automatic shut-off valve for regulating the flow of beer or other liquid from its container , whereby a float is kept away from the outlet by directing some of the liquid upwardly against the float while most of the liquid is being discharged . the discharge of liquid is usually accompanied by a suction about the outlet which tends to suck the float downwardly to seal the outlet prematurely . by the present valve and the location of the float during discharge of liquid , premature sealing is minimized .
a heater pump includes a motor and a pump assembly . the pump assembly includes a pump housing having an inlet and an outlet . an impeller and a heater are disposed within the pump housing . the heater includes a heater housing having an inner wall , an outer wall , a lower wall and an upper wall forming a heating chamber . a heating element is disposed within the heating chamber . the inner wall defines an inlet channel connecting the impeller with the inlet of the water pump . water flowing through the pump is heated by contact with the heater housing and/or the heating element .
an exhaust gas system for receiving and treating exhaust gases from different processing tanks including a hood supported by a moveable crane to direct exhaust gases from a selected tank to a selected exhaust duct . exhaust gas then flows to a treatment site . a connector system is provided to connect the duct to the hood/crane combination . a flow rate sensor and air admission damper system is provided in association with the duct to sense the flow rate in the duct , to permit the addition of ambient air to the duct , by opening the damper , and thus assure a substantially constant flow rate to the treatment site .
a single handle hot and cold water mixing and flow control faucet valve of the type wherein the operating handle is reciprocally movable along its own axis to vary flow volume passing through the valve and rotatable about its own axis to vary the proportions of hot and cold water passing through the valve . stop means are provided on the valve body and operating handle to prevent axial movement of the handle to and from the off position unless the handle is in a cold water only rotational position and to prevent rotation of the handle in one direction from this position . additional adjustable stop means may be provided to limit the extent of possible rotational movement from a cold water only position towards a hot water only position .
a device for fastening a first member such as a head rest relative to a second member such as a head rest supporting member in an inclining adjustable manner , including a one-way ratchet and pawl mechanism incorporated between the two relatively rotatable members , wherein the pawl is driven out of engagement with the ratchets when the two relatively rotatable members have been brought to an extreme relative position allowed by one-way sliding engagement of the ratchets and the pawl , and a control member which catches and holds the driven up pawl at the extreme relative rotational position and releases the pawl when the two relatively rotational members have been brought to the other extreme relative rotational position so as to make the pawl again engage the ratchets at the second mentioned relative rotational position .
apparatus for removing sludge that may be deposited on a tubesheet of a steam generator comprises fluid headers at the elevation of the sludge to be removed for establishing a circumferential fluid stream at that elevation . a fluid lance is also provided for being moved along the line between the headers emitting a pulsating fluid jet perpendicular to a line of movement of the fluid lance at an elevation substantially corresponding to the level of sludge deposits . the fluid jet forces the sludge to the periphery of the tubesheet where the sludge is entrained in and carried away by the circumferential fluid stream .
a refrigerator has an evaporator to discharge cold air into a food storage chamber by rotation of a fan as the cold air is generated during circulation of a coolant , and a temperature detecting unit to detect the temperature of the evaporator and generate a signal related to the evaporator temperature . the fan is controlled to initially rotate at a low speed ( when the evaporator is warmest ) and then at a progressively increasing speed . the increasing speed is independent of the temperature of the food storage chamber . the speed could be increased in response to detected decreases in the evaporator temperature . alternatively , the speed could increase automatically for a predetermined time period .
muffler assembly for an engine comprises an outer cylinder constituting a muffler body , an inner cylinder coaxially disposed in the outer cylinder , a connection cylinder disposed inside the inner cylinder having one end on an upstream side and another end on a downstream side , a partition plate disposed inside the inner cylinder at the downstream end of the connection cylinder , first and second silencer chambers formed at the upstream and the downstream end of the connection cylinder , respectively , an inlet , pipe through which an engine exhaust gas is introduced into the muffler body , and an outlet pipe having an upstream end disposed inside the inner cylinder and a downstream end opened outward of the muffler assembly . the connection cylinder has an upstream end portion in which a plurality of holes are circumferentially formed . the inlet pipe has a downstream end portion in which a plurality of holes are circumferentially formed so as to flow the exhaust gas passing from the inlet pipe into the first silencer chamber . the upstream end of the outlet pipe is plugged and coaxially inserted into the downstream end of the connection cylinder , the outlet pipe having an upstream end portion in which a plurality of holes are formed . an resonance chamber is formed so as to surround the outlet pipe at the downstream portion thereof .
the invention relates to a balancing shaft , whose balancing weight is located between two cylindrical bearing surfaces and which is configured as one piece with said weight . the end cross-sections of the balancing weight are circular segments that are delimited by an arc and a secant . the aim of the invention is to configure the balancing shaft in such a way that the mass effect and rigidity are optimal . to achieve this , the contours of the balancing weight on the plane that is fixed by the secants of the two end cross-sections taper from the two end cross-sections towards the longitudinal centre and the contours on the normal plane form a straight line in relation to said plane .
a speed change apparatus for a vehicle includes a gear transmission , a shift lever device arranged in a zone where a driver on a driver 's seat can operate the shift lever device , and an operation force transmission mechanism . the shift lever device is provided with a detent mechanism for positioning and holding the shift lever at each shift position , and an operation force transmission mechanism is constituted by a push pull cable .
a combustor assembly is provided . the combustor assembly includes a combustion chamber and at least one transition portion extending downstream from the combustion chamber to facilitate channeling combustion gases from the combustor assembly . the assembly also includes at least one air control system coupled to the at least one transition portion . the air control system including at least one biasing mechanism coupled to a controller to facilitate reducing emissions from the combustor assembly operation .
an improved method of producing a controlled fragmentation warhead case by mbedding an expanded metal liner on the interior surface of a casing for a warhead or other ordnance device . the process of embedding an expanded metal liner into the casing during the forming of the casing produces a controlled fragmentation grid on the interior surface of the casing . the improved method of producing a controlled fragmentation warhead case is particularly suitable for weapon systems employing large , unitary warheads .
a constant velocity joint has an outer part , an inner part , a plurality of torque transmitting balls , and a cage having windows for retaining the balls in the ball tracks of the outer and inner parts . the balls are retained in a plane by the cage and guided by corresponding pairs of outer and inner ball tracks . the outer and inner ball tracks form angles of intersection with respect to an axis where the angles are identical in size but set in opposite directions to one another . the outer part and the inner part operate in a normal axial range , there being at least one energy absorption surfaces located in the outer extended axial range or the inner extended axial range . the energy absorption surface interferes with at least one of the torque transmitting balls when the joint is operated beyond said normal axial range .
a fuel injection system for use with internal combustion engines has a module adapted to be remotely positioned away from the internal combustion engine within the engine compartment . the module includes a fuel inlet and return for moving fuel from a fuel source to the module . a second fuel return associated with the first fuel return is adapted to enable fuel to enter from the module to the fuel injectors of the internal combustion engine . the module further includes an electronic mechanism and harness for controlling and distributing fuel to and from the module and injectors .
a solar collector apparatus and method for a collector adapted to be mounted on a structure and connected to supply and discharge of fluid to be heated by the collector is disclosed , comprising a layer of insulation laid upon the structure ; fluid carrying means for the heat transfer fluid , mounted atop the insulation and exposed to solar radiation ; at least one layer of transparent material positioned above an air space over the fluid carrying means for insulating the fluid carrying means from ambient temperatures ; a plurality of outer frame members having a cross-section defining an interconnection opening , a stepped portion to support the transparent material and means for attachment to the structure ; and , at least one interconnection member dimensioned to fit tightly but slideably within the interconnection opening of the outer frame members and extend therefrom , whereby two or more outer frame members may be aligned by placing them over the interconnection member . the hollow outer frame members are equipped with a downwardly-extending flange and a spacer which secures and supports flashing to protect the collector from rainwater . an inner frame member is also disclosed , whereby a large solar collector skylight or greenhouse may be assembled from easily transportable units .
a pressure regulator base has a rim staked over the flange of a pressure regulator cover , and a compression ring concentrates the clamping effort of the cover on a circular area of the pressure regulator diaphragm sealing region .
a gas turbine engine is disclosed which is capable of being reconfigured for one operating mode to another . a display is provided that permits a pilot or other operator to select between engine modes . one aspect is the ability to provide variable cooling that can be controlled by various devices . the variable cooling features can be used with devices such as cooled turbine components like vanes and/or blades . devices can be used to reconfigure the performance and/or operability of a gas turbine engine .
an oil reclamation device comprises a housing , filter , evaporator plate and heating assembly . the housing has a longitudinal axis and includes an oil inlet to receive oil to be reclaimed and an oil outlet to discharge reconditioned oil . features of this invention include an improved filter assembly , an inside sealing mechanism for flow control , a wall guide mechanism to maintain proper flow control , an improved heat transmitting element , an oil inlet metering assembly and an improved evaporator plate .
