the glow plug comprises a main body ( 10 ) inside which there is attached a heating unit ( 13 ) , a vaporizing chamber ( 18 ) and a mixing chamber ( 32 ) for mixing flowing air ( a ) with vaporized fuel supplied via a conduit ( 19 ) through a filter ( 20 ) and a calibrated conduit ( 21 ) . a socket ( 30 ) is attached to the end of the main body ( 10 ) , said socket being traversed by a transverse pipe ( 31 ) preferably in the shape of a venturi tube with the narrowed central portion forming the mixing chamber ( 32 ) and being located at the level of an end portion of the heating unit ( 13 ) .
a knuckle or swivel joint of the half-ball and socket type comprising a stud terminating in an enlarged diameter half-ball member disposed in the socket member and having an end flat surface engaged by a resilient retainer cap disposed in the socket member . the retainer cap is elastically pre-loaded in an appropriate direction which causes firm engagement of the spherical bearing surfaces of the socket and ball in mutual swivelling engagement , thus , among others , compensating for wear .
a subsea flowline ( 10 ) deployed onto the sea floor ( s ) has tie-in points for interfacing other subsea facilities . mudmats ( 14a , 14b , 14c ) support hubs ( 16a , 16b , 16c ) at the tie-in points . one embodiment shown in fig . 2 has a cradle ( 22 ) supporting flowline ( 10 ) for relative rotative movement . hydraulic jacks ( 26 ) are connected to arms ( 24 ) to position and maintain hub ( 16 ) in a vertical orientation . another embodiment , shown in fig . 3 , has an outer swivel sleeve ( 21a ) which is mounted on mudmat ( 14a ) and receiving flowline ( 10a ) for relative rotation . an annular fluid chamber or toroid ( 25a ) provides fluid communication between flowline ( 10 ) and hub ( 16a ) connected to outer swivel sleeve ( 21a ) . another embodiment , shown in fig . 4 , combines the features and characteristics illustrated in figs . 2 and 3 .
the present invention broadly comprises a stator and one-way clutch assembly including a segment of a stator , a one-way clutch engaged with the segment , and at least one elastically deformable element engaged with the segment and the clutch and arranged to dampen transfer of torque from the stator to the clutch . in some aspects , the clutch includes a first plate and the deformable element is engaged with the segment and the plate . the segment urges the deformable element against the first plate . the first plate is arranged to rotate in response to the urging . the segment and the first plate are arranged to rotationally lock . the first plate and a second plate , connected to a clutch hub , rotationally lock in response to the urging , and the segment and the first plate are arranged to rotationally lock following the locking of the first and second plates .
a home cooking appliance with a side swing door is provided . the home cooking appliance includes a self capturing latch mechanism that secures and seals the side swing door in the closed position , the self capturing latch mechanism including a stationary hook and a receiver that receives and draws part of the stationary hook into a secured position within the receiver when the side swing door is moved into the closed position to secure the side swing door in the closed position . the receiver provides a variable closing force that varies from a first closing force at an initial engagement of the receiver with the part of the stationary hook to a predetermined second closing force , which is greater than the first closing force , at a completed engagement of the receiver with the part of the stationary hook to seal the side swing door in the closed position .
a cylinder head for internal combustion engines , particularly diesel engines with direct fuel injection , which has two inlet valves per cylinder each including spin-inducing means for producing spin flow about the longitudinal axis of the associated cylinder . having regard to the direction of spin , the leading inlet valve is provided with an eccentric , crescent-shaped chamfer facing in the general direction of spin flow , and the trailing inlet valve includes flow blocking means for preventing combustion air from exiting the trailing inlet valve in a direction opposite to the direction of spin flow .
an improvement in a wind electric power plant of the type disclosed in u.s. pat . no . 4,059,771 . the improvement comprises including an exciter armature and an associated exciter field winding into the electric circuit disclosed in u.s. pat . no . 4,059,771 . the improved wind electric power plant is utilized to supply a.c. power to hot water heater loads and/or auxiliary loads such as air conditioners , devices to manufacture hydrogen gas and the like , wherein at least one of said auxiliary loads is solar-powered . associated circuitry is provided so that power can be supplied alternatively to either the hot water heater loads or to the auxiliary loads . the power supplied via the associated circuitry supplements power to the at least one solar-powered auxiliary load , thereby maintaining a full load on the electric power plant to insure the quiet operation of that plant .
a locking member for preventing a clamping bolt or nut for a rail fastener from loosening . the locking member has a downwardly extending leg for engaging the rail fastener which is clamped by the clamping bolt for preventing the bolt from loosening .
the power apparatus includes a plurality of paddle wheels arranged in tandem and intended to be positioned generally transverse to the direction of movement of water at the surface of a body of water , each of the paddle wheels having a plurality of cylindrically curved blades which are concave on the blade face to be engaged and pushed by the water . belt-like means mechanically couple the paddle wheels together to a power utilization device .
an airblast fuel injector tip is provided for reducing fuel vaporization problems as a result of high fuel temperatures without adversely affecting the airblast operational characteristics of the injector tip . the injector tip includes a fuel receiving chamber and an arcuate valve member movable relative to a valve seat member having a fuel discharged port for discharging fuel flow into the fuel receiving chamber as metered by said valve member in dependence on the pressure of fuel . the valve member comprises an arcuate reed-type valve received in a generally cylindrical tubular valve seat insert with the flow area of the fuel discharge port adjustable externally of the valve seat insert for adjusting the valve cracking pressure .
a clutch assembly formed as a circular split bobbin assembly for resisting reciprocating motion of a shift rod or dart valve stem in a bypass plunger . the split bobbin may include at least one circumferential groove disposed in its outer radius , and a tension band member disposed in each circumferential channel to secure the split bobbin assembly around the shift rod or valve stem and wherein the tension band member has a cross section aspect ratio r < 1 .
the present invention provides an easily mounted , self-contained , compact fluid leak detection kit and/or method . the kit housing can be mounted by a homeowner or contractor between the wall outlet and the toilet input . when water begins to flow through the kit housing , a sensor such as a flow switch closes and applies voltage to the time delay relay . as long as the flow continues , the relay will count down the amount of preset time . the kit provides an adjustment to set a predetermined delay time , which is easily accessible and adjustable to the normal operating cycle time of any particular toilet . after adjusting the timer to the normal operating cycle time of the toilet , then the kit simply allows normal operation of the toilet as long as flow stops before the flow cycle . however , when a time has elapsed during the flow cycle to thereby indicate a problem leak , the relay will send voltage to a solenoid valve , which will stop the flow . the flow will remain stopped until an easily accessible reset button is depressed manually .
a transparent or reflective panel is comprised of two or more layers of transparent material . the outermost surfaces of the panel are plane . the inner surface of the first layer of the panel is configured so as to form a reflector , as for example , the familiar half-cubic reflector . the second layer is shaped so as to closely conform to the first layer , and the two layers are sealed together at the edges . between the layers is a fluid , which will be either a vapor or a liquid depending upon temperature . when it is a vapor , light incident upon the panel will be reflected . when the vapor condenses to a liquid , the resulting vacuum pulls the layers of the panel closely together , and the liquid condensate fills whatever spaces may remain between the layers . this provides an optical continuum through the panel , and it will be transparent . the amount of fluid is carefully controlled to ensure that the panel will not distend excessively at high temperature . in another configuration , the second layer of the panel is an opaque absorber plate . the panel will then either absorb or reflect light as a function of temperature .
a gas flow control and igniter switch assembly for a gas appliance includes a valve body having a stem , an igniter activating switch and a knob , wherein the igniter is activated upon depressing of the knob a predetermined distance . the igniter switch is preferably constituted by a multi-piece outer casing within which is mounted multiple igniter contacts , an electrical connector , and an activating member . the activating member carries the electrical connector and is biased to a position which maintains an electric circuit to the igniter open . the multi-piece outer casing is adapted to be snap-fittingly secured together and mounted about the stem of the valve . preferably , the stem extends freely through the outer casing but press-fittingly receives the activating member such that the activating member moves in axial unison with the stem . a knob is employed for rotating the stem to regulate the flow of gas from an inlet to an outlet of the valve , while also permitting the valve stem to be depressed in order to initiate a sparking operation at an electrode for a respective gas burner of the appliance .
the present invention relates to a construction machine with automatic fan rotational speed regulation . the construction machine includes at least one electric motor that is connected functionally to a respective fan and a control unit formed for the purpose of registering operation-specific data . the control unit is configured for the purpose of regulating , depending on the operation-specific data , an electric output of the respective electric motor in order to adjust a desired target fan rotational speed on the fan .
a two-cycle engine with an intake port extending perpendicularly to a crankshaft , wherein the intake port is directed substantially parallel with a tangential line a crank web defines at its top point on the side of a cylinder . a cylinder skirt portion fronting an end opening of the intake port at the cylinder side has a part thereof cut , while keeping its length in the axial direction of the cylinder . the two-cycle engine further includes a rotary valve mechanism having a rotary valve cover covering a rotary disc , the rotary valve cover being formed with an intake hole , and an intake tube connecting the intake hole to a carburetor , and the intake tube is integrally jointed to the intake hole . the two-cycle engine further includes a valve guide plate supporting the rotary disc , an engine body has formed in its upper face a mount seat for the valve guide plate , the mount seat being formed with a recess , the valve guide plate has a mount face fittable to the mount seat , the mount face being formed with another recess , and a breather chamber is constituted with the recesses .
proposed is a pinch valve ( 1 ) which has a hose-like valve element ( 3 ) , an actuating element ( 18 ) arranged on the outer circumference of the valve element ( 3 ) , and at least one radially movable plunger ( 33a , 33b ) arranged between the actuating element ( 18 ) and the valve element ( 3 ) . on the inner side ( 39 ) of the actuating element ( 18 ) there is situated at least one actuating surface , which extends in the circumferential direction and at the same time axially and which bears against a plunger ( 33a , 33b ) . by way of guide means ( 28a , 28b ) , it is ensured that , in the event of rotation of the actuating element ( 18 ) , the actuating surface slides on the at least one plunger ( 33a , 33b ) and pushes the latter radially inward , because the spacing of the actuating surface to the valve element ( 3 ) varies over the longitudinal profile thereof .
a fluid connector generally comprising a housing having a longitudinal opening therethrough having at least one transversely disposed bearing , a conduit insertable in the longitudinal housing opening in a coupling position , the coupling having a fluid passageway communicating with the longitudinal housing opening and an annular flange spaced from the transverse bearing surface when the conduit is in the coupling position , means providing a seal between the housing and inserted conduit , a retainer disposed in the longitudinal housing opening including at least two leg sections , each of said leg sections having a support leg portion extending rearwardly and outwardly from the annular section , a transversely deflectable retaining leg portion disposed between the conduit annular flange and the housing and forming a continuation of the support leg portion at a first reverse bend , the retaining leg extending forwardly and inwardly toward the opening of the annular section , whereupon the retaining leg extends radially inwardly toward the outer surface of the conduit forming a lip portion engageable with the annular flange portion of the conduit , and means for selectively deflecting the retainer leg portion transversely to permit the removal of the conduit from the housing .
the invention provides a steering column assembly for a vehicle . the steering column assembly includes a steering column operable to adjustably support a steering wheel in the vehicle . the steering column is moveable along a path for collapsing movement relative to a vehicle in response to an impact situation . the steering column assembly also includes an energy absorber for dissipating energy associated with the collapsing movement of the steering column along the path . the energy absorber includes an anvil fixedly disposed relative to one of the steering column and the path . the energy absorber also includes a strap drawable over the anvil and substantially fixedly disposed relative to the other of the steering column and the path . the steering column assembly also includes a second strap fixedly disposed relative to one of the steering column and the path for dissipating energy associated with the collapsing movement of the steering column along the path . the steering column assembly also includes at least one quick release bolt engaged with the strap to selectively release the strap relative to the other of the steering column and the path . the at least one quick release bolt engages both of the strap and the second strap .
one aspect of the invention relates to a particulate filter useful in treating exhaust from a diesel-power vehicle . the particulate filter comprises filter elements for removing particulate matter and an ammonia scr catalyst . ammonia can be produced during regeneration of an nox adsorbant . the adsorbant can be contained in a separate device upstream of the particulate filter or be incorporated within the particulate filter . another aspect of the invention relates to a method of cleaning exhaust comprising passing the exhaust over an nox adsorber to adsorb a portion of nox from the exhaust ; passing the exhaust through a particulate filter to remove particulate matter from the exhaust ; and removing a further portion of nox from the exhaust by reducing it with ammonia over an ammonia scr catalyst . preferably , a catalyst contained within the adsorbant provides no2 for continuously regenerating the particulate filter .
an element for an inductive coupler in a downhole component comprises magnetically conductive material , which is disposed in a recess in annular housing . the magnetically conductive material forms a generally circular trough . the circular trough comprises an outer generally u-shaped surface , an inner generally u-shaped surface , and two generally planar surfaces joining the inner and outer surfaces . the element further comprises pressure relief grooves in at least one of the surfaces of the circular trough . the pressure relief grooves may be scored lines . preferably the pressure relief grooves are parallel to the magnetic field generated by the magnetically conductive material . the magnetically conductive material is selected from the group consisting of soft iron , ferrite , a nickel iron alloy , a silicon iron alloy , a cobalt iron alloy , and a mu-metal . preferably , the annular housing is a metal ring .
a unitary center bearing assembly for rotatably mounting a vehicle drive shaft which includes a resilient support having an aperture therethrough , an anti-friction bearing seated in the aperture and a generally u-shaped mounting bracket having a plurality of tabs and at least one detent extending inward and securing the resilient support against movement relative to the bracket .
the invention relates to a process for fuel metering during acceleration operations at a plurality of cylinders of an internal-combustion engine , with sequential injection , in which the fuel quantity to be injected is determined corresponding to the operating state and the acceleration state is determined , additional fuel injections being performed after determination of the acceleration state . such a process is to be further developed to the extent that a faster metering of the increased fuel quantity into the internal-combustion engine can be performed during the acceleration operation . to achieve this object , it is proposed that the determined fuel quantity is injected into at least one , preferably into all those cylinders whose injected fuel quantity has not yet been taken in and whose inlet valve has not yet been closed or whose intake stroke has not yet been concluded . this takes place in particular at the time of the generation of a trigger signal ( ts ) corresponding to the quantity which corresponds to the set fuel increase of the acceleration .
the invention relates to a flexible tubular lining material which comprises a seamless plush textile tube and a plastic film layer arranged coaxially and freely around it as well as a method for the production of conduit and/or pipe linings which comprises impregnation of the flexible tubular lining material with a curable resin composition , the introduction of the impregnated material into an inversion tube , the subsequent pressing of this arrangement into the conduit or pipe section to be lined and the curing of the resin under maintenance of applied pressure in the inversion tube .
a flush water control arrangement includes a water control pusher alignedly extended towards a flushing shaft , and an automated actuation unit which includes a motorized unit and an automated plunger arm movably extended towards the water control pusher . when the motorized unit is activated in responsive to a presence of a user , the automated plunger arm is driven by the motorized unit to move the water control pusher so as to actuate the flushing shaft between the first and second positions for complete a flushing operation . the water control pusher is actuated to push at the second position of the flushing shaft to complete the flushing operation with a relatively high volume of water . the water control pusher is actuated to push at the first position of the flushing shaft to complete the flushing operation with a relatively low volume of water .
a spark plug cap having a capacitor for detecting ignition voltage of an internal combustion engine to determine if misfire occurs . the spark plug cap covers the terminal of a spark plug and has a conductor for carrying ignition voltage current from an ignition coil to spark plug terminals to generate an electronic spark between spark plug electrodes and an insulator surrounding the conductor . in the spark plug cap , a second conductor is located around the first conductor keeping a predetermined distance from the first conductor such that a capacitor , which constitutes a capacitance divider with a capacitor for ignition voltage detection , is formed between the first and the second conductors . a ceramic insulator may be positioned between the first and the second conductors to provide higher insulation property .
an ice dispenser is disclosed herein . the ice dispenser may include an ice chute and an ice gate mechanism positioned about the ice chute . the ice gate mechanism may include a downwardly opening ice gate operated by a pivoting lever system .
exhaust gas from which impurities have been removed through pressurization and cooling by a compressor-based impurity separation mechanism is further cooled by a refrigerator-type heat exchanger . drain produced from the cooling by the refrigerator-type heat exchanger is discharged and supplied as an alkalinity control agent to at least upstream of an aftercooler in a first impurity separator .
a joint is provided permitting relative radial and axial movement between a first wall thermally expanding at a first amount and a second wall thermally expanding at a second amount . the joint includes a first fixed connection between a first edge of the second wall and the first wall . the joint also includes an endplate including a first edge and a second fixed connection between a second edge of the second wall and the first edge of the endplate . the joint also includes a clip and a third fixed connection between the clip and the first wall . the joint further includes a fourth fixed connection between the clip and the endplate , the clip permitting the relative radial and axial movement .
in a bolt of the present invention , a guide portion having a small diameter is formed at the distal end of a shaft portion and ridge having an inverted direction screw configuration relative to the ridge formed on a constant diameter portion is formed . when the bolt is inserted obliquely into a nut and the ridge gets into engagement with a female screw portion of the nut , an effect of floating the bolt is generated , and the bolt can not be driven into the nut unless it is set in an appropriate tightening posture . consequently , biting and seizing of the bolt to the nut can be prevented securely . if the ridge is formed into a double threaded screw having an inverted direction screw configuration , the effect can be further intensified .
a fuel pipe protective structure includes a fuel pipe , a connecting member , and a protective member . the protective member is to protect a connection between the fuel pipe and the connecting member . the protective member includes a base and a cover . the base is to be connected to a vehicle body wall that defines an engine compartment . the cover is to be interposed between the connection and an internal combustion engine so as to cover the connection . the cover includes a guide . the guide is configured to cause the protective member to be plastically deformed in order to displace the connection in a receding direction in which the connection moves to avoid being caught by the internal combustion engine in a case where the internal combustion engine moves toward a vehicle interior upon collision of the vehicle .
unit for controlling the shaft for selection and engagement of gears , provided with a control shaft , which can be connected to the said shaft for selection and engagement of the gears , with a device for movement , which can impart to the shaft angular movements which are designed to implement the passage between two angular engagement positions of gears which belong to a single row , and with a cam-guide device , which can modify the said angular displacements , selectively by command , into combined axial and angular displacements , such as to implement the change of gear between consecutive gears which belong to consecutive rows ; the cam-guide device being axially mobile along the control shaft , between a plurality of row-change positions , at each of which it can guide the control shaft in the said combined angular and axial displacement , which can implement the passage of gear between two consecutive gears which belong to two consecutive rows ; the cam-guide device also being able selectively to use the angular displacement of the control shaft during the passage of gear between two consecutive gears in a single row , in order to implement its own displacement along the control shaft , from one row-change position to the one which is adjacent , such as to be ready to implement a successive change of row .
the present invention relates to an elongated main branch of a baton having a longitudinal axis and a cross branch normal to the main branch , the cross branch being located near one end of the main branch . the cross branch also has a longitudinal axis that is coplanar to the axis of the main branch . construction is as follows : the main branch and the cross handle usually are of an unitary construction in which a major length of the main branch ( and the cross handle ) are of a solid , one-piece construction but wherein at least a minority of the length of the main branch is provided with a cavity means . the cavity means of the invention can take the following form : for example , in one aspect of the invention there is at least a first portion of the cavity means that is located at the one end of the main branch adjacent to the cross branch , into which is fitted with an elongatable strap in the form of a chain or rope of constant weight per length . an end of the strap is next attached to a detachable , weighted end cap that forms an end wall of the first portion of the cavity means when the end cap is attached to the main branch of the baton . the strap and weighted end cap thus can define both active and inactive states relative to the cavity means wherein in the inactive state , the strap is completely stowed within the first portion of the cavity means and the end cap is attached at one end of the cavity means . in the active state , a majority of the strap extends from the first portion of the cavity means along with a detached weighted end cap .
a fluid storage and dispensing apparatus including a fluid storage and dispensing vessel having a rectangular parallelepiped shape , and an integrated gas cabinet assembly including such fluid storage and dispensing apparatus and/or a point-of-use ventilation gas scrubber in the vented gas cabinet . by the use of physical adsorbent and chemical sorbent media , the gas cabinet can be enhanced in safety of operation , e.g. , where the process gas supplied from the gas cabinet is of a toxic or otherwise hazardous character .
a wet-type segmented friction material has a tape-like friction material substrate which is passed through and pressed between a roller having a dent at a center and a flat roller . at the same time , the friction material substrate is heated from an inside and an outside of the rollers so as to carry out a heat press compression processing . then , a processed friction material substrate has a predetermined cross-section . the processed friction material substrate is cut into segment pieces each having a segment shape by a rotary push cutter having a sharp cutting edge . a cut position of the segment piece is selected such that two straight lines at two lateral sides of the segment shape is located within an area of a compressed portion of the processed friction material substrate . that is , a stepped or sunken compressed portion is provided on both sides of the segment piece .
the apparatus for implementing the method of the invention comprises in succession , on the path of the thread ( 1 ) : an air suction nozzle ( 3 ) ; at least one spray nozzle ( 4 ) for spraying a treatment bath ; a removal chamber ( 5 ) for removing the air and excess treatment bath ; and an air false-twist member ( 6 ) ; these four elements preferably forming a single-block assembly . in the spray nozzle ( 4 ) the treatment bath is sprayed at high pressure , e.g . of the order of 2 & times ; 105 pa to 6 & times ; 105 pa ( 2 bars to 6 bars ) in the form of micro-droplets . after the apparatus , the installation includes finishing means ( 8 ) preferably consisting in two heater drums ( 10 , 11 ) having offset axes , with the thread ( 1 ) being wound over the drums and moves over them in the form of substantially touching turns .
a shut off control system for the fluid activated clutches of a transmission is provided . the inventive control valve automatically shuts off hydraulic flow to the clutches whenever the engine of the vehicle is turned off . when the vehicle is restarted the clutch pedal must be depressed and released before fluid can again activate the clutches . with the inventive control system , the vehicle can be started in any gear but the vehicle will not move until the clutch pedal is depressed and released by the vehicle operator .
a positioning system includes an actuator , valve ( preferably pneumatic ) , position sensor and an electronic valve controller , integrated in a single unit . continuously variable setpoints are possible within the range of operation . a preferred control circuit includes a signal converter , a ramp generator to smooth the shape of the command or target value signal applied , a position feedback sensor to report the actual position of the actuator , a controller , and a driver , containing an h-bridge , for controlling the pneumatic valve which feeds air into the actuator mechanism . integration of all these components into a single unit shortens signal paths , improves resistance to electrical noise , and permits faster response time .
a gas turbine engine having an outer annular turbine rotor , which is counterrotatable relative to an inner annular turbine rotor , includes attachment structure for attaching turbine blades in circumferential rows to the outer rotor . the attachment structure includes first and second male members spaced axially along and circumferentially extending about the rotor , and first and second grooves spaced axially along and extending circumferentially about the rotor being defined by flanges attached to the rotor . each male member has a first portion attached to an end of a turbine blade and extending therefrom in a radial direction . the first male member has a second portion attached to its first portion and extending therefrom in an axial direction to define the first male member with an overall hook-like cross-sectional configuration . the first groove is cross-sectionally shaped for receiving in mated relation the second portion of the first male member . the second groove is cross-sectionally shaped for receiving in mated relation in the second groove a lock segment of the locking assembly and the first portion of the second male member to lock the male members in the respective grooves and thereby lock the turbine blade against radial and axial movements relative to the rotor .
a power transmission apparatus for a compressor used in an air conditioner for a vehicle including a damper mounted to one side of a pulley rotated by a driving power transmitted from an engine wherein the damper and an elastic portion is formed between an outer ring and an inner ring , and wherein a mounting flange of the outer ring is coupled to the pulley and a mounting flange of the inner ring is coupled to a limiter . the limiter has a plate shape and comprises : a middle portion in a ring shape , an outside portion in a ring shape around the edge of the middle portion , and a neck portion connecting the middle portion and the outside portion , whereby upon overload , the neck portion is broken . the middle portion of the limiter is coupled to a hub , and the hub penetrates the center of the inner ring and is coupled to the limiter between the damper and the pulley .
a gasket assembly includes an upper housing forming a seal with the outlet of a bathroom fixture , and a lower housing forming a seal with a sewer pipe . the lower housing has an outer surface extending along an axis and a toroidal gasket disposed in sealing relationship with the outer surface and the sewer pipe . to accommodate larger sewer pipes , the outer surface can be formed on an adapter and a second gasket provided to form a seal with the adapter . in an associated method for mounting the gasket assembly , the gasket is rolled axially in a continuous sealing relationship with the lower housing .
a valve operating device for an internal combustion engine having a drive rocker arm operatively associated with an intake or exhaust valve and a free rocker arm releasable from the intake or exhaust valve . the drive rocker arm and the free rocker arm are disposed adjacent to each other and operable selectively in mutually different modes according to the rotation of the camshaft . in one embodiment either the drive or free rocker arm has two arms connected together with one arm on each side of the other rocker arm for balanced loading . a selective coupling mechanism is disposed between the drive rocker arm and the free rocker arm for selectively connecting and disconnecting them with a coupling pin movable in a direction substantially normal to the axis of the rocker shaft .
a ventilation system for a building in some cases includes a main hvac blower for moving temperature-conditioned air through the building plus a smaller ventilation blower for providing fresh air . a controller regulates the ventilation blower 's speed to provide a target ventilation flow rate regardless of changes in the pressure differential between the indoor and outdoor air . to ensure that the target rate is appropriate for a particular building , the target flow rate is determined based on a ventilation setting that reflects a specified number of bedrooms and a specified amount of floor space of the building .
a gas turbine engine turbine comprises an annular array of nozzle guide vanes and an annular array of turbine blades mounted within its annular casing . an array of radially extending protrusions are positioned axially upstream of said array of said nozzle guide vanes and protruding inwardly from the inner casing wall so as to mix the tangential momentum component of the overtip leakage fluid flow before it reaches the array of nozzle guide vanes .
the roof ventilator includes a membrane of closed cell plastic so that it is rendered impervious to moisture and a pair of laterally-spaced open cell plastic strips adhesively secured to one side of the membrane , the strips being of foamed polyurethane . specifically , the strips have a multiplicity of intercommunicating cells or pores so that when installed air can readily flow outwardly through the interconnected cells of the strips , yet inward migration of moisture is inhibited by reason of the many interlinked filaments or strands that form the various cells . the roof ventilator can be attched to a conventional roof by means of nails or an adhesive .
a low-temperature theatrical lighting system consists of a rectangular frame structure having a pair of opposing tubular frame members ; and a number of fluorescent lamps extending in parallel to each other between the frame members . each frame member includes a number of fluorescent lamp sockets , and each fluorescent lamp is connected to an opposing pair of lamp sockets . the lighting system also includes a fluorescent lamp ballast assembly disposed within at least one of the frame members . the lamp ballast assembly is electrically connected to the lamp sockets and controls the intensity of light emitted from the fluorescent lamps .
a method of detecting an angular position of a rotor of an electrical machine includes determining a rotor position for the electrical machine using data obtained from a first data source , determining a rotor position for the electrical machine using data obtained from a second data source , and switching between determining a rotor position using data obtained from the first data source and using data obtained from the second data source . a point at which switching occurs is different when a speed of rotation is increasing than when the speed of rotation is decreasing .
a fuel system for an engine , particularly a compression-ignition engine , has a pump supplying fuel to the engine and a control member for determining the output of the pump , the control member being itself controlled by a control circuit receiving parameters one of which is measured by transducer means . the transducer means is designed so that if it fails , the fuel system fails safe . in another arrangement , in which failure of the transducer means results in an output which would increase fuel , then the failure is detected and action is taken .
a spindle unit includes : a main spindle that holds a rotary tool , and that is rotated ; bearings by which the main spindle is rotatably supported ; and a damper bearing by which the main spindle is rotatably supported , and that has a damping coefficient larger than damping coefficients of the bearings . the damping coefficient of the damper bearing is set to a value within a range from 10,000 to 1,000,000 nâ·s/m .
a slurry of liquified gas such as carbon dioxide and finely pulverized coal particles is provided in a mixing chamber and discharged from the chamber into a pipeline for conveyance to a power plant . during discharge from the mixing chamber pressurized gas at a sufficiently high pressure is injected above the slurry mix to maintain adequate pressure during discharge and prevent cavitation at the inlet port of pumping means employed in the pipeline . the slurry is depressurized at the downstream end of the pipeline by movement through pressure reduction means so that it is decompressed non-adiabatically and the coal and gas particles are separated . the gas remains at a low temperature and is passed in heat exchange relationship with cooling water from the power plant cooling tower to lower the temperature of same and consequently increase the efficiency of the power plant . in another embodiment the gas comprises carbon dioxide and a portion of the cool carbon dioxide is discharged directly into the basin of the cooling tower to reduce the water temperature and provide beneficial cooling water chemistry control .
an internal-combustion engine having a main cylinder , a crosshead motor piston mounted on a piston rod , and a charger piston , which reciprocates below the motor piston and has a hole for the piston rod to slide through , is shown in full section in fig . 1 . the piston rod is connected through a motor connecting rod to a short-throw motor crankpin that separates a pair of long-throw charger crankpins that follow it by eight degrees and are connected through a pair of charger connecting rods to the charger piston . the pistons separate as they descend thereby opening a charger cavity wherein a fuel-air charge is drawn via intake ports through the main-cylinder wall . as the pistons rise , the intake ports are blocked ; the charge is compressed and forced upward past the motor piston into a hot combustion chamber through transfer channels along the main-cylinder wall that remain blocked by the motor piston until it approaches its zenith . the charge is ignited and burns cursively while entering the hot combustion chamber . charging is completed when the top of the charger piston contacts the bottom of the motor piston while the transfer channels are being closed by the motor piston as it descends . a piston valve , operated by a link rod attached to the motor connecting rod , opens and closes exhaust ports and primary intake ports . insulated refractory materials are used for the head plate , motor-piston crown , and valve crown to conserve heat for ultra thermal efficiency .
a screw-type fastener comprising two cooperable assemblages for releasably securing a panel having one of said assemblages to an underlying support structure such as a sub-panel or other framework having the other assemblage . the said other assemblage of the fastener comprises a tubular housing enclosing a screw member which projects forwardly to an open end of the housing , toward the opening thereof . the said one fastener assemblage comprises a floating stud body carried by the panel and having an internally threaded bore which is adapted to receive the screw member when the stud body is applied thereto . the housing has ratchet disks encircling the screw member , provided with opposed faces containing radial teeth which engage one another . one disk is keyed to rotate with the stud body , and the other is keyed for longitudinal non-rotary movement in the housing . a spring in the housing maintains the disks in contact . the screw member is mounted for floating , turning movement in the housing , and is yieldably restrained by a detent as the stud body advances on the screw until a predetermined torque is reached . thereafter the detent yields in the manner of a ratchet or overload clutch to enable the screw member to turn with the stud body as the fastener is pulled up , thereby preventing overtightening . the limiting of the torque eliminates personnel-related error or misjudgements .
a portable belt clamping and pulling apparatus is provided to grip and pull belt ends together for splicing belt ends of a conveyor belt . a pair of belt ends are clamped between respective pairs of i-beams , the clamped belt ends are pulled together by a come along mechanism , and the free ends of belt between the i-beams are maintained held together in a tension free environment to allow fastening together of the belt ends . the respective i-beams which clamp the belt ends are clamped together by a pair of clamping jaws which are slidable along the i-beams to any desired position therealong to accommodate different belt widths and allow positioning of the clamping jaws adjacent the sides of the belt regardless of the width of the belt . thus , exerting the tension force close to the edges of the belt . the clamping jaws clamp in response to the chains of the come along mechanism pulling the clamping jaws toward one another , and the clamping jaws include respective pre-tightening screws for clamping the i-beams to the belt prior to the initiation of pulling by the chains so as to eliminate slippage the belt from between the i-beams during the initial pulling . springs and rods between the i-beams limit cocking or pivoting of the i-beams during high tension . the belt is gripped against slipping by being bent in a serpentine path between i-beam flanges of different width spans .
a fuel injector is described that includes a polymeric housing , pole piece , filter assembly , coil assembly , spring member , armature assembly and metering assembly . the polymeric housing has a passageway extending between an inlet and an outlet along a longitudinal axis . the pole piece is disposed in the passageway , the pole piece having a through opening . the filter assembly has a portion disposed in the through opening of the pole piece . the coil assembly is disposed in the polymeric housing to surround the pole piece . the spring member is disposed partly in the pole piece and including a spring portion contiguous with the portion of the filter assembly . the armature assembly is disposed in the passageway in a first position having a first portion confronting the pole piece and in a second position having a closure member contiguous to an end face of the pole piece . the metering assembly is secured to the polymeric housing proximate the outlet . the metering assembly has a seat secured to a polymeric support member . the seat has a sealing member disposed between the seat and the polymeric support member . a method of sealing a fuel injector is described .
an integrated intake manifold and air cleaner system is provided by a molded plastic induction module including molded lower and upper manifold pieces welded together . a series of upright walls on the upper manifold and a cover piece form a box-like enclosure in which an air cleaner element is disposed mounted to a throttle body on the upper manifold piece . a fuel rail and injector are also disposed within the enclosed space . other components such as the ecu can optionally be mounted within the enclosed space . resonator and expansion chambers are also defined within the enclosed space .
a bearing device is used as a bearing for a pivot of a head stack assembly to thereby make a hard disc drive thin . widths of first and second inner races 12a and 13a are set to be smaller than the widths of first and second outer races 12b and 13b . even if first and second bearings 12 and 13 ( outer races 12b and 13b ) are mounted on a shaft 9 in contact with each other , a space s is formed between the first and second inner races 12a and 13a . from this structure , in the case where a pre-pressure is applied to the second inner race 13a , it is possible to adjust the pre-pressure in a wide range . in the prior art , it has been necessary to provide an annular projection or a spacer for keeping a space for application of the pre-pressure . however , the present invention makes possible to dispense with the annular projection or the spacer . corresponding to this , the width of the bearing device 10 is shortened . finally , the thickness of the pivot portion of the swing arm is decreased to thereby make the hard disc drive thin .
a rotating cylindrical piston engine with a variable effective compression stroke . the present engine shuttles the piston during the power stroke as far as possible in the cylinder to maximize the use of the power provided by the fluid explosion . since as much as possible of the explosion force is used , i.e. , preferably until the exhaust gas reaches ambient temperature or pressure , the exhaust gas is cooler and thus the engine may need no external water cooling , allowing internal air cooling in the cylinder by intake air to be complemented by the cooling with the exhaust gas . preferably , such linear motion of the shuttling piston over such a great length is converted to rotary motion by forcing the piston to spin in the cylinder as the piston is driven the length of the cylinder . the relative great length of the stroke of the piston captures a great amount of air during the intake stroke , and some of this intake air is expelled during the compression stroke to provide for an effective compression stroke such that the power stroke is of a greater length than the effective compression stroke . the present engine further includes a plate-like cylinder head , a plate-like rotary valve , and plate-like manifold to provide for a compact head arrangement . the present engine further includes a compression release port which may be opened during the power stroke to permit the piston to act like a brake relative to the power output shaft . the present engine further includes a track and rider arrangement for converting the linear shuttling motion of the piston into rotary motion . the present invention further includes an assembly between the piston and a power output shaft for transmitting the rotary motion to the power output shaft . the present engine further includes a fuel pump assembly , a timing assembly , and an engine isolation arrangement .
a cooling system for a turbine airfoil of a turbine engine having a perimeter cooling channel formed from a portion of a serpentine cooling channel , an airfoil tip cooling channel , and a leading edge cooling channel . the cooling system also includes cooling channels enabling cooling fluids to be discharged into the root of the airfoil to cool rim cavities and purge air therein . the cooling system may be configured such that the cooling fluids may pass into a mid-chord serpentine cooling channel , flow through the serpentine cooling channel generally in a chordwise direction from the leading edge toward the trailing edge , flow toward the tip section and along the trailing edge , flow from the trailing edge toward the leading edge in the airfoil tip cooling channel , flow along the leading edge in the leading edge cooling channel , through the root of the blade , and be exhausted into a rim cavity .
a coupling having a seal member with an annular flexible metal seal surface for sealing with a male member or probe . the metal seal surface is integral with the seal member and extends into the bore of the female member . the metal seal surface is urged radially inwardly against the male member in response to internal fluid pressure in the coupling .
the invention relates to a crankshaft for a reciprocating internal combustion engine , with the crankshaft having a crankpin ( 11 ) with an eccentric sleeve ( 10 ) , through the rotation of which relative to the crankpin the effective stroke of a crankshaft can be modified . sleeve ( 10 ) can be locked in two positions separated by 180 & deg ; by means of two locking elements ( 7 , 14 ) . the locking elements are arranged in the crankshaft and are supplied with a hydraulic fluid via feed lines ( 2 , 4 ) , which likewise extend in the crankshaft . a feed line ( 3 ) for a fluid can furthermore be provided , this being passed to the inner surface of the sleeve ( 10 ) in such a way that a torque about the crankpin ( 11 ) can be exerted on said sleeve .
a vehicle engine has a system of valves that permits various engine cylinders to operate in different modes of operation . during braking , some of the engine cylinders receive atmospheric air , compress it , and transfer it to an intermediate air-container . other cylinders receive compressed air from the intermediate air-container , further compress it , and transfer it to a high-pressure air-reservoir for storage . during acceleration , some of the engine cylinders receive compressed air from the high-pressure air-reservoir , expand it to a lower level of pressure , and transfer it to the intermediate air-container . other cylinders receive air from the intermediate air-container , further expand it , and use it for combustion in an internal-combustion cycle . during short stops , the engine is shut down , for the duration of the stop , and , then , it is restarted with compressed air . during cruise , the engine operates as a conventional internal-combustion engine .
a light-emitting device 1 includes a base 2 and a light-emitting element 3 that is disposed on the base 2 . the light-emitting element 3 is made up of a plurality of semiconductor layers including a light-emitting layer , and at the same time , is covered with a wavelength converting portion 4 that includes a wavelength converting material . the light-emitting layer emits primary light , and the wavelength converting material absorbs part of the primary light and emits secondary light . the luminance of the primary light emitted from the edge portion of the light extraction surface of the light-emitting device 3 is higher than the luminance of the primary light emitted from the inner region located inside the edge portion , and the ratio of the primary light and the secondary light that are emitted from a light extraction surface 6 of the wavelength converting portion 4 is substantially uniform across the light extraction surface 6 of the wavelength converting portion 4 . thereby , a light color difference across the light extraction surface of the wavelength converting portion that covers the light-emitting element can be reduced further , and it is possible to irradiate an irradiation surface with light of uniform color .
a hydraulic pressure intensifier is used to raise the pressure in an accumulator above a given input pressure . an oscillating piston provides a boost pressure while a pilot valve and a dump valve and restrictors allow the oscillating piston to move .
the method of cleaning an exhaust gas containing nitrogen oxides including disposing an exhaust gas cleaner comprising a heat-resistant , porous body , which may support a catalyst consisting essentially of ( a ) at least one of alkali metal elements ; ( b ) at least one of elements selected from the group consisting of cu , co , mn and v , ( c ) at least one of rare earth elements , in a flow path of the exhaust gas , spraying a liquid hydrocarbon into a stream of the exhaust gas on the upstream side of the exhaust gas cleaner , thereby causing atomized and gasified hydrocarbon to function as a reducing agent for reducing the nitrogen oxides in the exhaust gas .
a heater for heating gases such as turbine exhaust gases to facilitate the extraction of the heat energy carried by such gases or flue gases to reduce their corrosiveness . the heater is defined by burners installed on walls of the duct through which the gases flow . the burner can be operated with heavy fuel oil and uses no more primary air than is necessary to ignite the fuel oil atomized by the burner and sustain a flame . the flame is relatively long and narrow and is directed transversely to the gas flow into the duct . upstream of the burner is a shield to protect the flame from the gas flow . the shield communicates with a register which collects an amount of gas sufficient to provide the balance of the combustion oxygen to fully combust all fuel . from the register the gas flows along inclined passages to the side of the shield facing the flame , the passages directing the gas in the direction of the flame and at an oblique angle in regard thereto . the flame shield is shaped to approximate the outline of the flame . gas not collected by the register is guided by the shield past the flame so as to achieve a uniform heating of the gas and thereby prevent the formation of hot spots in the gas downstream of the heater .
an led package including a collimator body adapted to collect and/or reflect and/or focus light . an upper plane provided by the collimator body defines a mainly horizontal plane . at least one reflection surface is provided by the collimator body and is at least partially angled to the horizontal plane . the collimator body includes a recess for receiving a lighting element including a light emitting front face such that the reflection surface extends at least partially below the level of the front face in an assembled state . due to the angle of the reflection surface with respect to the horizontal plane of the collimator body , a small light source and a high luminous flux at the same time are provided so that the luminance and the brightness of the led package are increased .
a method of verifying vehicle emissions includes the steps of testing a refined fuel for emissions , treating the refined fuel following the testing thereof for emissions , and then testing the treated refined fuel for emissions . the refined fuel measurements are compared with the treated refined fuel measurements to determine reduction in emissions of the fuel . this data is transmitted to a computer . the treated fuel is dispensed to a vehicle , such as a diesel truck , at a fuel dispensing station where the vehicle identification is read from the vehicle and , with the fuel data , is transmitted to the computer where the computer can match the fuel measurement data to the vehicle identification and fuel dispensing information . the process also includes the attaching of an on-board emissions monitor to the exhaust of the vehicle , which monitoring data is stored and transmitted during refueling to the computer with the refueling data . the treatment can include a combination of a magnetic treatment of the fuel while the fuel is passing through a venturi simultaneously while feeding oxygen into the fuel during treatment . optionally , data determining reductions in emissions from treated fuel combustion in comparison to non-treated fuel combustion in a specific engine is utilized in application for monetary or non-monetary receivables in the form of emission reduction credits or the like .
a dryer range and the like wherein improved air flow means are provided for retaining heated air in contact with the web for maximum utilization of the heated air and for facilitating return of the spent air for reheating or for exhausting into the atmosphere to remove excess moisture or volatile material such as knitting oil and the like from the range . a pair of opposed air flow retaining baffles are carried by spaced plenums adjacent the fabric or web for thus retaining the air directed in streams against the web .
the invention relates to a supporting apparatus for devices for maintaining blood circulation , in particular for a heart-lung machine , comprising a plurality of retaining units arranged on the device side for retaining blood-conducting and/or blood-treating devices and control units , and comprising at least one fastening unit arranged on the patient side for detachably and quickly fastening the supporting apparatus to a patient or an object arranged near the patient , wherein at least one screen-like wall element is arranged between the device-side retaining units and the patient-side fastening unit as a protective element for the devices .
a heat exchanging structure of a solar heat exchanger 3 includes a housing 5 and a pipe 11 . the solar heat exchanger includes a heat-resistant container 8 having an open top and containing a low-melting-point metal 9 and a light receiving plate 10 . the housing accommodates the solar heat exchanger . the pipe passes a heat carrier h. the pipe is arranged in a space between the housing and the solar heat exchanger in such a way as not to touch the solar heat exchanger . the heat carrier is surely heated by radiant heat from the solar heat exchanger that is heated to very high temperatures . the light receiving plate has a container-like shape having an open top , and therefore , has a large light receiving area to heat itself to higher temperatures compared with a flat light receiving plate .
a compound bow maintenance press and method for compressing a compound bow from the bow limb ends provides a shop-installable bow press that prevents damage to the bow riser and limbs during service . the press contacts the bow only at the ends of the bow limbs and compresses the bow from outside of the curvature of the bow , providing clear access to the bow strings and a press that can be secured or stood on a workbench or a floor stand . the bow press can be operated by an electric motor or a hand crank and may include a worm gear drive system that provides for adjusting a telescoping member having arms extending to compress the bow limb ends . a limb end fixture is attached to or integrated with each arm , and provides a slot that accepts the bow limb end pulleys .
a resonator for attenuating sound waves produced by an engine is provided . the resonator includes a housing . the housing includes first , second and third portions defining first , second and third working chambers , respectively . the first , second and third portions cooperate to define a substantially t-shaped resonator operable to attenuate sound produced by the engine .
a gas-fired water heater including a tank to contain water to be heated and a flue extends axially through the tank . a burner is located at the lower end of the flue and has a smaller cross sectional area than the flue to provide an annular space between the burner and the lower end of the flue . the burner has at least one outlet port that directs a flame pattern in proximate relation to the lower end of the flue . a locator assembly supports the burner from the flue and positions the burner axially of the flue .
an axial piston pump provided with a pump shaft , a pump cylinder , pistons and a swashplate is stored in the inside of first and second case halves and connected to a valve plate by bolts . a tensile force is made to act on the bolts by transmitting a hydraulic pressure reaction received by the cylinder to the second case half through the valve plate and by transmitting a hydraulic pressure reaction received by the pistons to the first case half through the pump swashplate 32 . the tensile force is canceled by generating a thrust force in the pump shaft 10 by meshing a helical gear 50 provided on the pump shaft 10 with a helical gear 49 supported on the valve plate 27 , and transmitting this thrust force from the ball bearing 46 to the first case half 42 . thus , it is possible to reduce a tensile force which acts on the casing of an axial piston machine .
a method for adaptive wind-driven outdoor all-surrounding information display is disclosed , the method including : 1 ) installing an outdoor information display apparatus , of which a support means cooperates with a wind rotating means to achieve wind power generation and rotational speed control of an information display means ; 2 ) disposing a plurality of electronically controlled light-emitting display strips on the sails ; 3 ) installing a plurality of working units of a motor/electric generation assembly ; 4 ) installing a control system so that the dynamic trajectories of the rotating electronically controlled light-emitting display strips after they are lit are successively connected with each other thereby creating an all-surrounding and continuous visible graphic and textual image . apparatuses and control systems implementing the above method are also provided .
in taking dial indicator readings as a part of the so-called `` reverse indicator '' shaft alignment procedure for a turbine-to-compressor drive , the high breakaway torque necessary to initiate rotation of the turbine shaft is supplied by connecting such shaft to power drive means through a power chain . in this manner the turbine shaft may be quickly rotated in small , precisely controllable increments without overshoot , thus saving valuable time otherwise wasted in performing this function manually . tapered , hollow alignment brackets minimize `` bracket sag '' .
a device for use in a weapon system provides electrical energy for fuzing the weapon system . the device includes a detonator disposed within a housing , with the detonator being in association with a piezoelectric element such that upon detonation , the piezoelectric element is exposed to sufficient pressure to produce electrical energy . a firing pin mechanism is detachably attached within the housing in a pre-detonation position and is capable of detachment at a selected pressure and movable after detachment to a detonation position , detonating the detonator for the production of electrical energy .
a toy water shooter may be worn in a concealed manner on a user 's forearm , beneath clothing . the shooter includes a pressurizable bladder that may be filled with water and which is plumbed to a trigger-operated nozzle mounted on a wrist support . the bladder may be pressurized by pumping an air bulb , which fluidly communicates with the bladder . the trigger is mounted in a position that allows it to be operated by thumb movement . in an alternate embodiment , the bladder may be worn around the user 's waist .
an inertial impact switch is provided having a housing which comprises two onductive sections electrically insulated from each other and a movable contact member engaging one section and held out of contact with the second section by means of a concentric insulating member . interior radial `` fingers '' of the insulator bend in response to the spin forces of the projectile containing the switch . to provide for this sensitivity , the fingers of the insulator may have varying stiffness to provide deflection under differing spin conditions . the body of the switch may also be provided with a single grove bellows that is compressible under applied stress prior to use , moving the first section of the housing closer to the second section of the housing , thus reducing the gap between terminals .
a valve timing changing apparatus for changing valve timings of intake and exhaust valves inhibits a deterioration in the precision of a change of a valve overlap period . a first variable valve timing mechanism ( first vvt ) is mounted to an intake cam shaft , and a second variable valve timing mechanism ( second vvt ) is mounted to a crank shaft . a timing belt drivingly couples a cam pulley mounted to an exhaust cam shaft , a cam pulley of the first vvt , and a cam pulley of the second vvt to one another . the first vvt changes a rotational phase of the intake cam shaft so as to change a valve timing of intake valves . the second vvt changes rotational phases of both the intake and exhaust cam shafts so as to simultaneously change valve timings of the intake and exhaust valves .
a system for dispensing cryogenic liquid to a use device tank from a bulk storage tank containing a supply of cryogenic liquid features a pump in communication with the bulk storage tank , a dispensing line in communication with the pump and a heater in communication with the dispensing line . a system control device controls the operation of the pump and heater . a liquid level sensor and temperature or pressure sensor communicate with the use device tank and the system control device and the system control device . as a result , the conditions of the cryogenic liquid initially in the use device tank may be used by the system control device to calculate the appropriate amount of cryogenic liquid and heat that should be added to the cryogenic liquid as it is dispensed so that the use device tank becomes substantially filled with saturated cryogenic liquid . a liquid level sensor may alternatively be used as the sole use device tank sensor .
a wear-resistant layer is applied to a surface , which is to be protected , of a component which is subjected to mechanical and/or fluidic loads and substantially consists of amorphous or amorphous-nanocrystalline metals . the layer for protecting against abrasive or erosive wear substantially consists of an ni & # 8212 ; w-base alloy or substantially consists of an alloy based on cu & # 8212 ; al & # 8212 ; ti ( or & # 8212 ; ta or & # 8212 ; zr ) or pd & # 8212 ; cu & # 8212 ; si or pt & # 8212 ; al & # 8212 ; si or ta & # 8212 ; si & # 8212 ; n , or substantially consists of an alloy of al , at least one rare earth and a transition metal , such as cu or ni or co .
an electronic engine control system of an internal combustion engine with a supercharging device operable to produce a desired boost pressure , includes an electronically-controlled throttle valve and a pressure sensor located in an induction system to detect an actual boost pressure . the system computes a target air quantity used in a stratified combustion mode or in a homogeneous lean combustion mode , based on at least an operated amount of an accelerator , and computes the desired boost pressure based on engine speed and engine load , and computes a boost-pressure correction factor as the ratio of the desired boost pressure to the actual boost pressure , during the stratified combustion mode or during the homogeneous lean combustion mode . an arithmetic-calculation section is also provided to compensate for the target air quantity by the boost-pressure correction factor during the stratified combustion mode or during the homogeneous lean combustion mode . the compensated target air quantity is determined as a virtual target air quantity . a throttle actuator device drives the electronically-controlled throttle , so that the virtual target air quantity is drawn into the engine , thus compensating for the response delay in boost-pressure change during acceleration/deceleration in the lean or ultra-lean combustion mode .
a fluid pump having a motor operably coupled to a pump assembly , the motor and pump assembly acting cooperatively to pressurize a fluid includes a pressure switch being in communication with the fluid under pressure and being in communication with the motor for sensing the fluid pressure and controlling the operation of the motor to maintain a selected fluid pressure . a method of controlling fluid pressure in a fluid pump , the fluid pressure being generated by activating a pump motor to operate a pump assembly .
a tubular structure ( 21 ) composed mainly of a sheet material ( 22 ) formed from a thickened solution of an ultraviolet-curing resin in which high-strength fibers are dispersed , is inserted into a pipeline ( 7 ) so as to face a damaged part ( 26 ) thereof , is expanded into intimate contact with the inner surface of the pipeline ( 7 ) , and is irradiated with ultraviolet light on its inner surface , whereby the resin is cured . sealing members ( 24 , 24 ' ) capable of swelling with water are fitted about the opposite end portions of the tubular structure ( 21 ) so that the sealing members ( 24 , 24 ' ) may be located on the opposite sides of the damaged part ( 26 ) of the pipeline ( 7 ) from each other .
a method and apparatus for incinerating loose waste material in which the loose waste material is introduced into a furnace chamber to form a layer in the bottom of the furnace chamber . the layer of loose waste material is subjected to the direct action of technical-grade oxygen , preferably in less than stoichiometric amounts , with the oxygen fed at least at the speed of sound . the oxygen is supplied utilizing a plurality of lances distributed in the furnace chamber . heat produced by combustion of the waste material melts incombustible constituents of the waste material . residual unburnt combustible gases can be fed through an outlet stack to a secondary combustion chamber .
a composite panel ( 10 ) and a method for forming the panel are described . the panel ( 10 ) comprises an inverted tray ( 14 ) of composite material such as fibre reinforced plastic . a transparent or translucent surface layer ( 12 ) is provided on the top surface ( 16 ) of the tray ( 14 ) . a block of honeycomb ( 20 ) with a backing sheet ( 22 ) is bonded within the cavity defined by the top surface ( 16 ) and the side walls ( 18 ) of the tray ( 14 ) . the panel may be illuminated by using an electro-luminescent film as the backing sheet ( 22 ) or by placing leds ( 30 ) in the cells ( 34 ) of the honeycomb material ( 20 ) . the composite panel ( 10 ) may be used as flooring , to create partition walls , or simply as decorative panels .
a rolling bearing with a rotation sensor includes an inner race and an outer race , one of which is a rotating race and the other of which is a stationary race . an annular magnetic encoder alternately magnetized in opposite polarities in its circumferential direction is mounted on the rotating race . a magnetic sensor configured to detect the changes in magnetic flux when the magnetic encoder is rotated is mounted in a resin sensor housing mounted on the stationary race . the sensor housing is made of a resin material including a resin composition containing polyphenylene sulfide , an inorganic filler , and glass fiber .
vapors normally arising within a standing gasoline tank are captured in a charcoal filled cannister . when the engine is running , air is drawn through the cannister thereby purging gasoline adsorbed on the charcoal within the cannister and delivering the purged gasoline vapors to the carburetor ultimately for combustion within the engine . interference by the presence of such accumulated gasoline vapors in the carburetor , particularly during warm restarts and idling , can be avoided by preventing the injection of these gasoline vapors into the carburetor at the inappropriate times . selective withholding of the purged gasoline vapors from a piston type carburetor , having a piston throttle valve disposed into and out of a venturi portion of the carburetor , is accomplished by injecting the gasoline vapors into the venturi portion through a purge port within the carburetor at a point such that the leading edge and outside surface of the piston type throttle valve closes and seals the port when the throttle valve is in a fully closed position . thus , during idling and warm restarts , when the throttle valve is closed , no evaporated vapors are allowed to fill the venturi portion of the carburetor . purging of the gasoline adsorbed on the charcoal within the cannister is accelerated by increasing the effective area of the purge port as the throttle valve is opened .
the belt driven vacuum pump is provided on a work vehicle to supply the vacuum needed for the engine intake air pre-cleaner . the vacuum pump is driven at or proportional to the engine speed to ensure proper vacuum for the intake airflow . preferably , the vacuum pump is integrated into an accessory support bracket that carries other belt driven components such as the alternator , etc . the support bracket forms the vacuum pump housing to reduce the number of components required for the vacuum pump . air outlet passages are formed in the support bracket and are preferably directed toward accessories or engine components that can benefit from additional cooling provided by the vacuum pump exhaust air . the vacuum pump can also be equipped with a hose at the inlet and/or the exhaust sides of the vacuum pump to provide a vacuum cleaner or a blower for use on or about the work vehicle .
abradable seal composite structure having a porous , abradable ceramic surface layer which is resistant to high temperature oxidation and a metallic bottom layer capable of being bonded to a metallic substrate , with at least two intermediate layers consisting of ceramic/metal mixtures . the intermediate layer next to the ceramic layer has the highest ceramic content , with the remaining intermediate layers having progressively lower ceramic content and correspondingly higher metallic contents . the composite is made by laying up the layers in wet paste form and then drying them , after which the composite can be heated to bond it to the metallic substrate .
in an ignition coil assembly of an ion sensing ignition system having an ignition coil output , a buffered ion-sense current source circuit is provided and includes a current sensing circuit , the current sensing circuit being disposed so as to be communicated with the ignition coil output and an active current source circuit , the active current source circuit being disposed so as to be communicated with the current sensing circuit and a current measuring device .
a device for converting rotary motion into axial motion , having planetary rollers which are driven from a stationary drive housing by a drive shaft . these planetary rollers are held circumferentially at the same distance apart by a rotatable cage . the planetary rollers engage a thrust element via drive grooves on both the planetary rollers and the thrust element . the drive grooves on the planetary rollers do not engage the drive grooves on the drive shaft which frees the planetary rollers from harmful double engagement . the drive shaft drives these rollers via a gear tooth region on the rollers so as to function reliably and durably with a compact construction . the thrust element which is hollow , is therefore , able to move with a free thrust , i.e . without an additional guide element guiding it along a thrust path . finally the thrust element has a high bucking strength so that it can withstand relatively large axial pressure .
an apparatus for the adsorption of molecules from a gaseous medium comprises at least two adsorption chambers for receiving an adsorbent ; at least one pair of ducts forming inlets and outlets associated with each of said adsorption chambers ; means for passing the gaseous medium selectively into and out of said ducts and adsorption chambers so as to form an adsorption circuit ; means for passing a hot gaseous regeneration medium into and out of said ducts and adsorption chambers so as to form a regeneration circuit ; valve means associated with said ducts for selectively including one or the other pair of ducts and adsorption chambers in said adsorption circuit or in said regeneration circuit , the said valve means comprising a pair of cooperating and aligned , relatively rotatable valve discs , and openings provided in said valve discs for connection with said ducts forming the adsorption and regeneration circuit , all of said openings being equidistant from the central axis of said discs and the said openings being associated in peripheral direction of the discs , alternatingly , with the ducts forming the adsorption circuit and with the ducts forming the regeneration circuit .
system and method for lyophilization or freeze-drying is provided . during the freezing step , the material or solution to be frozen is initially brought to a temperature near or below its freezing temperature after which the pressure in the freeze-dryer chamber is reduced to induce nucleation of the material .
a process for the operation of hybrid compression-absorption heat pumps or refrigerators with the use of fluid medium containing a mixture of differently volatile components ( typically two ) easily soluble in each other . during heat extraction , in a first counter current heat exchange , vapor of the more volatile component is partially dissolved in the liquid of the less volatile component . simultaneously , an additional portion of the volatile component is condensed . importantly , the medium is discharged from the first heat exchange in a stage of incomplete dissolution/condensation of the vapor phase . the combined medium is expanded and absorbs heat in a second counter current heat exchange phase , during which the more volatile component is both expelled from the solution and evaporated . a counter current heat exchanger is connected between the first and second heat exchangers , and uses low pressure medium exiting from the second heat exchange to effect cooling and thus further dissolution and condensation of the high pressure medium exiting from the first heat exchange .
in a photochemical vapor deposition apparatus , a reaction space forming a passage for a photoreactive gas , in which reaction space a substrate is to be placed , and a discharge space , in which electric plasma discharge is generated for radiating ultraviolet rays which cause photochemical reaction of the photoreactive gas , are surrounded by the same vessel . a mercury reservoir that communicates with the discharge space by way of a communication pipe is provided outside the vessel , the communication pipe is heated at a temperature higher than that of the mercury reservoir by a heater , and the mercury reservoir is controlled in temperature by a peltier effect element which may be cooled with a water-cooled block provided on one side thereof . this photochemical vapor deposition apparatus can achieve photochemical vapor deposition with high efficiency , because the control of the vapor pressure of mercury for discharge is carried out easily and ultraviolet rays can be radiated with high efficiency .
a process and apparatus for energy efficient remediation of soil contaminated with hydrocarbons , including desorbing the hydrocarbon contaminants from a bed of the soil by thermal desorption in a treated desorption chamber ( 20 ) and thereafter combusting the contaminants in a thermal oxidiser ( 30 ) . the combustion air for the desorption chamber and the thermal oxidiser , and the desorbed contaminants prior to admission to said thermal oxidiser , are preheated by heat exchange ( 40 ) with offgases from the thermal oxidiser . the offgases are then rapidly quenched at below 200â° c .
a lamp reflector includes a body including a plurality of sheets ; a plurality of heat sinks connecting the sheets to form a corn shape ; and a plurality of light emitting modules disposed on a surface of the heat sink in such a manner that the light emitting modules face an inner space of the body , wherein each of the light emitting modules includes : a substrate fixed to the surface ; and a plurality of light emitting diodes disposed on the substrate and electrically connected to each other by the substrate .
a method and apparatus for non-volatile overspeed protection is described . the present invention provides a method and apparatus for non-volatile overspeed detection to provide turbine rotational speed safety during a power outage . in one embodiment , aerodynamic braking is used to slow rotation of a rotor of the wind turbine . if an overspeed condition continues after application of aerodynamic braking , mechanical braking is used to reduce the rotational speed of the rotor . power is supplied by a non-volatile power source to continue overspeed detection during a power outage . a low-pressure trigger valve is used to apply a mechanical brake when hydraulic pressure in the braking system falls below a predetermined threshold .
