aspects and implementations of the present disclosure are directed to methods of and systems for estimating latent demand with user prioritization . the estimated latent demand may be used to identify potential increases in usage of a networked computer service that could be realized by provisioning additional resources . a sub-set of the user base is provided a communication quality of service enhancement simulating provisioning of additional resources . estimated latent usage demand is then determined by comparing the networked computer service usage by the user base receiving the enhancement with usage by a user base not receiving the enhancement .
a communication services architecture for a netcentric computing system is disclosed by the present invention . the communication services architecture includes a communication services layer that includes messaging services , specialized messaging services , communication security services , virtual resource services and directory services . in addition , the communication services architecture includes a transport services layer that includes message transport services , packet forwarding/internetworking services , circuit switching services , transport security services , network address allocation services and quality of service services . a network media services layer is provided that includes media access services and physical media services .
methods and arrangements in video encoding and decoding entities . the methods and arrangements involve determining ( 804 ) the frequency of occurrence of a plurality of reference pictures associated with an obtained ( 802 ) set of blocks , which are neighbors of a block b . the methods and arrangements further involve selecting ( 806 ) a reference picture or combination of reference pictures having the highest determined frequency of occurrence to be a prediction , cpred , of the reference picture or combination of reference pictures , c , to be used when encoding/decoding the block , b . the methods and arrangements further involve providing/obtaining ( 610,612 , 808 ) an indication specifying whether the prediction , cpred , corresponds to c , and when the prediction , cpred , is indicated to correspond to c , the encoded block , be , is decoded ( 812 ) based on the prediction cpred .
finfet structures with dielectric fins and methods of fabrication are disclosed . a gas cluster ion beam ( gcib ) tool is used to apply an ion beam to exposed fins , which converts the fins from a semiconductor material such as silicon , to a dielectric such as silicon nitride or silicon oxide . unlike some prior art techniques , where some fins are removed prior to fin merging , in embodiments of the present invention , fins are not removed . instead , semiconductor ( silicon ) fins are converted to dielectric ( nitride/oxide ) fins where it is desirable to have isolation between groups of fins that comprise various finfet devices on an integrated circuit ( ic ) .
the present invention relates to methods and systems for electronic countermeasures , and particularly to methods and systems for electronic countermeasures that employ radar jamming devices .
a traveling wave tube has a helical delay line which is supported by a plurality of dielectric support rods extending along the delay line . the delay line and support rods are housed within a metallic sleeve which has an enlarged diameter in the area of each end of the delay line . in this area at each end of the delay line a respective coupling conductor is connected to the delay line for supplying and discharging hf energy . in order to achieve a low reflection transition between the surge impedance of the delay line and that of the coupling conductor , in the region of at least one of the two ends of the delay line , a metallic matching component is provided which is peferably spot welded to a surface formed at the diameter enlargement , the matching component including an arm which is spot welded to that surface and projections extending from the arm radially inwardly between adjacent support rods and in close proximity to the delay line . the end surfaces of the projections which face the delay line are darkened to absorb heat radiated by the delay line and discharge the same toward the exterior of the traveling wave tube .
an apparatus , method , and system are provided for power conversion to supply power to a load such as a plurality of light emitting diodes . an exemplary apparatus comprises : a first power converter stage having a first power switch and a first inductive element ; a second power converter stage having a second power switch and a second inductive element ; a plurality of sensors ; and a controller . the second power converter stage provides an output current to the load . the controller is adapted to use a sensed input voltage to determine a switching period , and is further adapted to turn the first and second power switches into an on-state at a frequency substantially corresponding to the switching period while maintaining a switching duty cycle within a predetermined range .
methods performed by handsets such as cell phones of receiving a notification of a remotely stored message , the notification including message parameters related to the message , monitoring those parameters for a parameter selected via a user interface of the handset and requesting an action be performed on the message when the parameter matches the selected parameter , such as forwarding all messages of a given type to another destination .
a pixel circuit with a dual gate pmos is formed by forming two p+ regions in an nâˆ’ well . the nâˆ’ well is in a pâˆ’ type substrate . the two p+ regions form the source and drain of a pmos transistor . the pmos transistors formed within the nâˆ’ well will not affect the collection of the photo-generated charge as long as the source and drain potentials of the pmos transistors are set at a lower potential than the nâˆ’ well potential so that they remain reverse biased with respect to the nâˆ’ well . one of the p+ regions used to form the source and drain regions can be used to reset the pixel after it has been read in preparation for the next cycle of accumulating photo-generated charge . the nâˆ’ well forms a second gate for the dual gate pmos transistor since the potential of the nâˆ’ well 12 affects the conductivity of the channel of the pmos transistor . the addition of two nmos transistors enables the readout signal to be stored at the gate of one of the nmos transistors thereby making a snapshot imager possible . the circuit can be expanded to form two pmos transistors sharing a common drain in the nâˆ’ well .
a radio communication device may be provided . the radio communication device may include : a measurement circuit configured to measure a reception quality of a signal from a second radio communication device ; a memory configured to store signal information indicating the reception quality of the signal measured by the measurement circuit ; a configuration information receiver configured to receive configuration information for the radio communication device based on the measured reception quality ; a quality indication determination circuit configured to determine a quality indication of a communication with the second radio communication device based on the stored signal information and the received configuration information ; and a connection establishing determination circuit configured to determine whether to establish a connection for communication with the second radio communication device based on the determined quality indication .
a diaphragm for a loudspeaker includes first and second sheet members between which a core member is sandwiched and secured so that the core member has peripheral edge portions extending between the edges of the sheet members and at which the core member is of relatively low strength . a strip-like edging member , preferably of a thermosetting resin , is secured to the peripheral edge portions of the core member and to the edges of the sheet members for increasing the rigidity of the diaphragm at its periphery and preventing unwanted vibrations thereat . a damper member may be secured to the diaphragm adjacent the edging member for movably securing the diaphragm to a loudspeaker frame .
a transmitter includes : frequency conversion means for collectively frequency-converting terrestrial digital tv broadcast signals inputted such that the frequency of terrestrial digital tv broadcast signals of a viewing desired channel inputted by viewing desired channel input means , among the terrestrial digital tv broadcast signals inputted , are converted to a frequency of a specific unused channel of a predetermined vhf band ; filter means for extracting only tv broadcast signals of the specific unused channel of the predetermined vhf band among the tv broadcast signals obtained by the frequency conversion means ; and transmission means for amplifying and wirelessly transmitting the tv broadcast signals extracted by the filter means .
a naming service in corba is provided to a client with a high degree of reliability regardless of the operating format or network format . there are provided , an orb for receiving a request from a client connected via a network , an apportioning server , and a network to acquire an object reference in order to be provided with an object , and a naming service section for generating an object reference by dynamically setting address information included in the object reference , in accordance with connection information at the time of the request .
a laser processing method for forming a deteriorated layer , which has been once molten and then re-solidified , in the inside of a wafer by applying a pulse laser beam capable of passing through the wafer to the wafer along a dividing line formed on the wafer , comprising : a protective tape affixing step for affixing a protective tape having gas permeability to one side of the wafer ; a wafer holding step for holding the wafer having the protective tape affixed thereto on the chuck table of a laser beam machine in such a manner that the surface side onto which the protective tape has been affixed comes into contact with the chuck table ; and a laser beam application step for applying a pulse laser beam capable of passing through the wafer from the other surface side of the wafer held on the chuck table with its focusing point set to a position near the one surface of the wafer to form the deteriorated layer exposed to the one surface along the dividing line in the inside of the wafer .
there is provided a drive control apparatus that includes a horizontal control section , and a vertical control section . the horizontal control section controls a scanning mirror for horizontal scanning with laser light , the scanning mirror being driven at a fixed frequency in a horizontal direction . the vertical control section controls the scanning mirror for vertical scanning based on the frequency at which the horizontal control section drives the scanning mirror in the horizontal direction , the vertical control section outputting a vertical drive signal to control the scanning mirror for vertical scanning , the vertical drive signal including an interval in which the laser light is directed vertically from top to bottom and an interval in which the laser light is directed vertically from bottom to top , the intervals alternately producing an output of a predetermined amount .
a delay locked loop ( dll ) device includes a first and a second input buffers for receiving an external clock , a multiplexer for selectively outputting a first and a second internal clocks based on a most significant bit ( msb ) signal , a delay means for delaying the first and the second internal clock which is selected by the multiplexer , a phase detector for comparing a phase of the first internal clock with that of a feedback clock which is feedbacked from the delay means to thereby output a comparing signal , a low pass filter ( lpf ) mode generator for outputting a locking signal , which checks a locking state of the feedback clock based on the comparing signal and a first and a second control signals , to the delay means , and a low pass filter for receiving the comparing signal to inform whether or not the comparing signal is erroneous to the delay means .
the present invention relates to telecommunications equipment racks including vertical cable guides , horizontal troughs , cross aisle panels and cross-connection modules for telecommunications equipment racks . the vertical cable guides define vertical cable channels for both network infrastructure and cross-connection cables . the structure defining the second cable channel is hingedly attached to the structure defining the first cable channel . the horizontal cable troughs include both upper and lower troughs . the upper cable trough defines two cableways for directing cross-connection and other cables , and provides access openings for cables to pass into and out of each cableway and between the two cableways . the lower cable trough defines a cableway and provides access openings for cables extending into and out of the cableway . cable troughs attached to adjacently mounted equipment racks cooperate to form continuous horizontal cableways . the cross aisle panel includes movable cable guide structures to permit access to connectors mounted on the panel . the cross-connection modules provide multiple connector planes on the rear of the module to increase the number of circuits the module can support .
an integrated circuit device includes a digital power supply regulation circuit , an analog power supply regulation circuit , a control logic circuit , an analog circuit , and a power supply wiring region . a digital power supply line which supplies a digital power supply voltage and an analog power supply line which supplies an analog power supply voltage are provided in the power supply wiring region . the digital power supply regulation circuit , the analog circuit , and the analog power supply regulation circuit are disposed in a first direction with respect to the control logic circuit . the power supply wiring region is formed along a second direction in a region between the control logic circuit and the digital power supply regulation circuit , the analog circuit , and the analog power supply regulation circuit .
in order to establish a lighting intensity of an inspection apparatus , an inspection board is installed in an inspection apparatus . then , a width of a histogram of a captured image acquired through a camera of the inspection apparatus is adjusted to avoid from a dark region and a bright region . thereafter , a lighting intensity of the inspection apparatus is adjusted by adjusting the histogram to be near a middle of a graph . thus , a setting time of an inspection condition stored in a job file may be reduced to increase the user 's convenience , and measurement error due to mis-establishment may be reduced to enhance inspection precision .
a fluid heater apparatus supplies heat to wash fluid via a flow path in a thermally conductive body . a heat source is disposed in the thermally conductive body for imparting heat to the body . fluid in a flow path in the thermal body enveloping the heat source absorbs heat from the body . a fluid expansion member is fixed to the mass over the open ends of the fluid flow path in the thermal body . the fluid expansion member is formed of a compressible foam material having shape memory . the fluid expansion member is sealingly joinable by fasteners to the thermal body through bores formed in the peripheral edge of the member .
consumer premises equipment ( cpe ) configured to be connected with one of a selectable plurality of call agents using one of a selectable plurality of call control languages in response to user input to the telephone . in one aspect , telephone users can therefore select , e.g. , a service provider . in another aspect , the cpe provides voip service to a telephone .
the encoding rate controlling apparatus ( 9 ) is provided with a controlling device ( 9a , 9b ) for performing a control for the encoding rate by changing a quantization scale code for quantizing the dynamic image information , and for converging an average value of the encoding rate through all of the dynamic image information to an average value corresponding to a predetermined average value . the controlling device establishes on a time axis a plurality of change timings , each of which is a timing when the quantization scale code is changed , calculates the average value of the encoding rate corresponding to each of the established change timings , and performs the control for the encoding rate on the basis of the calculated average value . an information encoding apparatus ( s ) has the encoding rate controlling apparatus , a quantizing device ( 3 ) for quantizing the dynamic image information by using the changed quantization scale code , and an encoding device ( 5 ) for variable-length-encoding the quantized dynamic image information .
a method for stopping chemical processing of a semiconductor wafer in an emergency included the steps of : 1 ) placing a chemical having a water concentration of about 92 % or less in a tank ; 2 ) processing a semiconductor wafer with the chemical in the process tank ; 3 ) detecting a malfunction in the processing ; 4 ) quick draining the chemical from the process tank ; and 5 ) rinsing the wafer in the process tank with a rinsing material to stop chemical action . optionally , the method may include recycling the drained chemical from a storage tank to the process tank for use in a subsequent process step . also , a chemical processing system includes : 1 ) a process tank adapted to processing semiconductor wafers in a chemical having a water concentration of about 92 % or less ; 2 ) a control system adapted to detecting a malfunction in processing ; 3 ) a drain valve adapted to quick draining the chemical in the process tank ; 4 ) a storage tank adapted to storing the quick drained chemical ; 5 ) a spray bar adapted to applying a rinsing material to the wafers in the process tank ; and 6 ) a recycling mechanism adapted to returning the quick drained chemical to the process tank .
the present disclosure relates a metal-insulator-metal ( mim ) capacitor . in some embodiments , the mim capacitor has a capacitor bottom metal ( cbm ) electrode arranged over a semiconductor substrate . the mim capacitor has a high-k dielectric disposed over the cbm electrode and a capacitor top metal ( ctm ) electrode arranged over the high-k dielectric layer . the mim capacitor has a dummy structure that is disposed vertically over the high-k dielectric layer and laterally apart from the ctm electrode . the dummy structure includes a conductive body having a same material as the ctm electrode .
a technique relates to operating a multimode josephson parametric converter as a multimode quantum limited amplifier . the multimode . josephson parametric converter receives multiple quantum signals in parallel at different resonance frequencies . the multimode josephson parametric converter amplifies simultaneously the multiple quantum signals , according to pump signals applied to the multimode josephson parametric converter . the multiple quantum signals having been amplified at the different resonance frequencies are reflected , according to the pump signals .
the present invention relates to a semiconductor device including a high withstand voltage mos transistor and a manufacturing method thereof . the semiconductor device according to the present invention includes a mos transistor in which a second-conductivity type source region is formed on a first-conductivity type semiconductor region , an offset drain region is interconnected to a second-conductivity type drain region and has a concentration lower than an impurity concentration of a drain region , the offset drain region is composed of a portion that does not overlap a first-conductivity type semiconductor region and a portion that overlaps part of the surface of the first-conductivity type semiconductor region and a gate electrode is formed on the surface extending from a channel region between the source region and the offset drain region to part of the offset drain region through a gate insulating film.thus , there can be obtained an offset drain type mos transistor having a stable threshold voltage vth and a low on-state resistance .
a plasma torch includes two tubular coaxial electrodes , at least one of which is axially movable between an operating position in which the movable electrode is spaced from the other electrode and an initiating position in which the movable electrode is in contact with the other electrode , thus establishing an electric short circuit so as to generate an electric arc upon rupture of the electric short circuit hen the mobile electrode is brought back to its operating position . each electrode is contained in a support provided with a cooling circuit , through which a cooling fluid circulates . the cooling circuit associated with the movable electrode is provided with a seal which permits the electrode to be moved without creating any leaks in the cooling circuit .
an auxiliary power supply equipment for a high voltage installation includes a power source at ground potential , a load circuit at high potential , and a transmission link for coupling the power source to the load circuit . the power source includes a high frequency voltage generator , and the transmission link comprises a first and a second current path . each path is closed by capacitive coupling to provide insulation between the ground potential and the high potential , and each current path has a reactive compensation means for series compensation of reactive power generated by the capacitive coupling .
a system and method that optimizes a de-blocking filter process using local buffers . the local buffers may be off of the memory unit in which image data may be stored . the data associated with the image may be loaded into the local buffers . the data may be then fed into a filter , where the de-blocking filter process is executed , and the filtered data may be loaded back into the local buffers . the filtered data may then be written back to its original location in the memory .
a micro-electro-mechanical system ( mems ) accelerometer employing a rotor and stator that are both released from a substrate . in embodiments , the rotor and stator are each of continuous a metal thin film . a stress gradient in the film is manifested in capacitive members of the rotor and stator as a substantially equal deflection such that a relative displacement between the rotor and stator associated with an acceleration in the z-axis is substantially independent of the stress gradient . in embodiments , the stator comprises comb fingers cantilevered from a first anchor point while the rotor comprises comb fingers coupled to a proof mass by torsion springs affixed to the substrate at second anchor points proximate to the first anchor point .
the object of the present invention is to provide a printed circuit board formed with a cavity to mount a semiconductor chip .
a flash eprom array ( 100 ) and method of manufacture is disclosed . source regions ( 118a-118f ) are shared between the memory cells ( 108a , l-108d , n ) of row ( 104a-104d ) pairs , and are isolated from one another in the row direction by isolation regions 120 . low resistance source conductor members ( 122a-122b ) extend in the row direction and are formed over the source regions ( 118a-118f ) and make contact therewith in a self-aligned fashion . the architecture allows for source decoding and thus enables user programmable sector erase architecture .
a data communication network for providing dynamic routing through both wireless and wired subnetworks to support wireless communication devices and wired remote stations is disclosed . in the wireless network , the wireless communication devices can be mobile rf terminals , while the wired remote stations might be personal computers attached to a wired subnet , such as an ethernet coaxial cable . the wireless network architecture utilizes a spanning tree configuration which provides for transparent bridging between wired subnets and the wireless subnets . the spanning tree configuration provides dynamic routing to and from wireless communication devices and remote stations attached to standard ieee 802 lans .
a class of optimal nonlinear decoding algorithms for data acquisition applications of sigma delta modulators is applicable to all current sigma delta structures , including single and double loop , cascade and interpolative modulators . the decoding method takes on a particularly simple form for the case of constant modular inputs . while the performance of the present invention is identical to other optimal nonlinear decoding schemes such as table look-up , the present invention is simpler to implement . numerical results show that the performance of the invention exceed that of conventional linear decoding .
a recording apparatus which has reduced the speed variation and vibration of the motor uses a step motor as a driving source for a carrier for carrying a carriage mounted with a recorder or a recording medium . the apparatus includes a controller that , on accelerating the step motor , controls the step motor so that the step motor is driven with a shorter period than the mechanical time constant of the carrier when the rotary speed of the motor is less than a specified value , and so that the motor is driven with a longer period than the mechanical time constant when the rotary speed of the motor is more than the specified value .
an ionizer creates a corona current distribution having a balanced flow of positive and negative ions in a variable ion mobility gaseous environment . the balanced flow of positive and negative ions are directed toward a workspace or target located in the gaseous environment and downstream from the ionizer . the ionizer includes a corona electrode , a counterelectrode , a corona-free dc bias electrode , and a control circuit . the corona electrode has a negative polarity . the counterelectrode has an ion collecting surface . the corona-free dc bias electrode has a positive polarity . the control circuit controls the output of the corona-free electrode so as to cause a balanced flow of positive and negative ions to be emitted from the ionizer and directed towards the workspace or target . in this manner , a static-free environment is created at the workspace or target .
video coding and decoding methods . the video coding method includes : receiving channel status information indicating an error profile of the communication channel ; and adaptively adding redundancy information into data packets divided by syntax with a layer configuration , based on the channel status information . the video decoding method includes : receiving an encoded video bitstream ; identifying whether an additional layer is present and which layer has been added ; and decoding corresponding layers based on the information about the additional layer . the video coding and decoding methods can be implemented in a video coder-decoder ( codec ) to avoid erroneous decoding in an error-prone channel , thus improving error-resilience of the codec .
a strippable , shielded electrical cable comprises a plurality of elongate , parallel-spaced electrical conductors encased in a casing of electrical insulation . at least one of the conductors , preferably located at a position other than at the marginal ends of the cable has an exposed portion free of casing material . an electrically conductive wire mesh shield overlies the casing and is in electrical contact with the exposed conductor portions . a top layer of electrical insulation overlies the wire mesh shield . a release sheet of electrical insulation is disposed between the conductive shield and the cover layer . a first adhesive is on the lower surface of the sheet facing the shield , the first adhesive being removably adhered to the metallic wire mesh shield . the first adhesive and a portion of the casing material are removably adhered to each other through the interstitial openings of the wire mesh . a second adhesive is disposed on the opposing surface of the release sheet facing the layer , the second adhesive being removably adhered to the cover layer .
the present invention provides methods of forming a semiconductor workpiece . one method of forming a semiconductor device in accordance with the present invention includes : providing a semiconductor workpiece ; forming a via within the semiconductor workpiece , the via including plural sidewalls joining a bottom surface at respective plural corners ; first sputtering a process layer upon at least a portion of the bottom surface using ionized metal plasma physical vapor deposition ; and following the sputtering of the process layer , second sputtering at least some of the process layer towards the corners within the via .
provided is a li-containing phosphoric-acid compound sintered body of both high relative density and very small crystal grain diameter with reduced incidence of defects ( voids ) such as air holes , the li-containing phosphoric-acid compound sintered body causing a li-containing phosphoric-acid compound thin film useful as a solid electrolyte for a secondary cell or the like to be stabilized without any incidence of target cracking or irregular electrical discharge , and offering high-speed film-forming capability . this li-containing phosphoric-acid compound sintered body contains no defects measuring 50 î¼m or larger within a 1 mm2 cross-sectional region in the interior thereof , while having an average crystal grain diameter of no more than 15 î¼m and a relative density of at least 85 % .
this invention relates to an insulating resin composition which exhibits high impact resistance and heat resistance and good adhesiveness to the plating metal , is selectively etchable by a permanganate salt commonly used in a plating operation and suited for an insulating layer in multilayer wiring boards . the insulating resin composition is a photo-polymerizable or thermally polymerizable resin composition comprising 3-10 parts by weight of a crosslinked elastic polymer per 100 parts by weight of a resin component ( excluding the crosslinked elastic poly and including monomers ) and said crosslinked elastic polymer has carboxyl groups and is dispersed with an average secondary particle diameter in the range of 0.5-2 & mgr ; m .
a thermoacoustic array energy converter consists of heat driven thermoacoustic prime movers in parallel coupled by means of an acoustic cavity to a piezoelectric electrical generator whose output is rectified and fed to an energy storage element . the prime movers convert heat to sound in a resonator . the sound form a phase-locked array is converted to electricity by means of the piezoelectric element . the generated electric energy is converted to dc by means of a rectifier set and it is then stored in a battery or supercapacitor . the generated electric energy can also be converted to power line frequency .
a non-acoustic alarm intended to equip a device supplying information such as time information . such alarm includes motor means ( 24 ) which can be electrically driven and which are associated with a mass ( 26 ) adapted to be set in motion under the action of the motor means ( 24 ) in order to furnish a vibratory effect . such alarm is furthermore characterized in that the motor means ( 24 ) are constituted by an electromagnetic motor ( 24a , 24b ) fixedly mounted on a support ( 28 ) including elastic coupling elements ( 30 ) which are associated with said mass ( 26 ) which is designed to assume a quasi-linear oscillating motion relative to the electromagnetic motor ( 24a , 24b ) when the motor is operated . the invention is particularly adapted for integration within a timepiece .
a color image processing provides a thin-line enhancement module for a color image for finding and keeping thin lines in the color image . a boundary enhancement module is provided for finding and keeping the boundary in the color image . a de-background module is provided for removing noise pixels from the white background . the color image is processed to avoid missing and/or twisting the thin lines , boundary , background , and texts in the color image after the scanning procedure .
this invention pertains to a siloxane resin composition comprising r1sio3/2 siloxane units , r2sio3/2 siloxane units and ( r3o ) bsio ( 4-b ) /2 siloxane units wherein r1 is an alkyl group having 1 to 5 carbons , hydrogen , or mixtures thereof ; r2 is a monovalent organic group having 6 to 30 carbons ; r3 is a branched alkyl group having 3 to 30 carbons , b is from 1 to 3 ; and the siloxane resin contains from 2.5 to 85 mole percent r1sio3/2 units , 2.5 to 50 mole percent r2sio3/2 units and 5 to 95 mole percent ( r3o ) bsio ( 4-b ) /2 units . the siloxane resin is useful to make insoluble porous resin and insoluble porous coatings . heating a substrate coated with the siloxane resin at a sufficient temperature effects removal of the r2 and r3o groups to form an insoluble insoluble porous coating having a porosity of 1 to 60 volume percent and a dielectric constant in the range of 1.5 to 3.0 .
a bpsk type reception device that includes a decoder for decoding a digital input signal , first and second comparators for delivering a decoded data signal and a data capture clock signal also includes a clock generator for generating a replacement clock signal , first and second latches controlled by the replacement clock signal to store the data taken , respectively , from the decoded data signal and from a signal that represents the sign of the signal at the output of the decoder , and a selection circuit for capturing , at each pulse edge of a clock signal that is offset with respect to the replacement clock signal , either the stored data originating in the sign signal in the case of loss of the previous data capture clock pulse edge at the output of the clock comparator , or the stored data originating in the data signal .
a system and/or method that facilitates the installation and/or authentication of a device by invoking installation protocols and/or authentication protocols for a non-physical connection . a physical interface component provides a physical connection between at least one wireless device and at least one network entity in which the installation protocols and/or authentication protocols can be exchanged . the physical interface component can utilize a token key to establish multiple non-physical connections with multiple wireless devices . additionally , the physical interface component can utilize a daisy chain scheme to install and/or authenticate a wireless device .
an integrated circuit die and/or package . an apparatus is described having a substrate with a central region and an outer region . a first plurality of electrical connections is spaced apart by a first distance on the outer region of the substrate . a second plurality of electrical connections is spaced apart by a second distance , smaller than the first distance , on the central region of the substrate .
an apparatus including :
a thin film transistor comprises a layer of organic semiconductor material comprising a tetracarboxylic diimide naphthalene-based compound having , attached to each of the imide nitrogen atoms , an aromatic moiety , at least one of which moieties is substituted with at least one electron donating group . such transistors can further comprise spaced apart first and second contact means or electrodes in contact with said material . further disclosed is a process for fabricating an organic thin-film transistor device , preferably by sublimation deposition onto a substrate , wherein the substrate temperature is no more than 100â° c .
diversity radio transmission is accomplished with excellent performance using multiple antennas receiving a transmission signal from a single power amplifier . a data signal to be transmitted is provided to a first antenna , and a phase-shifted version of the data signal is applied a second antenna . the relative phase shift between the data signal transmitted over the two transmit antennas ensures the two antenna signals can be constructively combined at the receiver . in one non-limiting example embodiment , the relative phase shift is determined by processing pilot signals sent along with the data signal and which are transmitted with predetermined phase shifts .
a method , an apparatus and a system for uplink synchronization are disclosed by the embodiment of the invention . the method includes the following steps : a network equipment configures multi-carrier operation mode for a user equipment and obtains the timing advance ta group message corresponding to each of component carrier cc of the user equipment ; the network equipment maintains the ta timer of each ta group according to the ta group information to be uplink synchronized with the user equipment . the embodiment of the invention provides the establishment and maintenance mechanism for uplink synchronization in the case that the timing advance of each component carrier cc is different in the multi-carrier system .
an optical amplifier for amplifying and outputting an input light signal , comprises an optical light amplifier unit ( 10 ) , a tunable wavelength filter ( 30 ) , a signal light detection unit , and a control circuit ( 100 ) . the optical amplifier unit ( 10 ) amplifies the input light signal and outputs an amplified light signal . the tunable wavelength filter ( 30 ) , into which the amplified light signal is inputted and which transmission light wavelength is swept , outputs a filter output signal . the signal light detection unit detects a signal light level of an amplified output component in the amplified light signal in response to said input light signal . the control circuit ( 100 ) controls a gain of said optical amplifier unit based on the signal light level . further , the signal light detection unit of the optical amplifier according to the present invention comprises a peak detection unit ( 60 ) and a background light detection unit ( 70 ) . the peak detection unit ( 60 ) detects a peak light level of the filter output signal . the background light detection unit ( 70 ) detects a background light level of the filter output signal .
a plurality of electrical interconnections may be formed in an electrical device including a first component having a plurality of contact pads and a second component having a plurality of contact pads . the two components are placed in a confronting spaced relationship such that each contact pad of the first component locationally corresponds to one of the contact pads of the second component . the contact pads of the second component are further arranged such that at least two of the contact pads are laterally offset relative to their locationally corresponding contact pads on the first component with one of the at least two contact pads being offset in a first direction while the other is offset in another direction . a mass of conductive material is disposed between each contact pad of the first component and its corresponding contact pad of the second component . the masses of conductive material may be formed into columnar members wherein the columnar members are skewed when formed between a pair of relatively offset contact pads .
the present invention relates to a controller for a grid tied inverter system with an improved control configuration for increasing response speed of an output current according to specific electric power required . the controller comprises a first control circuit section to output a direct current ( dc ) -dc converter control signal , and a second control circuit section to output an inverter control signal , wherein the first control circuit section and the second control circuit section are independent of each other without a link for signal input and output therebetween .
a charging control circuit for an electronic timepiece has a power source circuit including a charging device and a secondary battery , an electronic timepiece circuit , a drive signal change-over circuit for changing an alarm signal and warning signal for excessive charge , and a buzzer driving circuit for driving a buzzer . the buzzer sound for indicating excessive charge to the secondary battery is different from that of time alarm .
a process for the production of a solar cell , characterized in that the surface of a silicon wafer is periodically exposed through minute spaced portions of an insulating layer formed on the silicon wafer ; crystal growth is performed until monocrystalline silicon regions caused at the spaced portions by way of selective epitaxial growth and lateral crystal growth become collided with each other ; the insulating layer is removed through gaps left among the monocrystals ; a resin is embedded in the gaps ; an electrode layer is formed over the surfaces of the monocrystalline silicon regions ; the surface of the electrode layer is fastened to a substrate through a resin ; a body comprising the monocrystalline silicon regions is separated from the silicon wafer ; and a counter electrode is disposed to the monocrystalline silicon regions .
the method is performed as a client device and includes receiving a first message that includes a first data usage value . the first message is formatted according to a respective format . after receiving the first message , the method further includes acquiring a data usage template corresponding to the respective format . the method further includes receiving a second message that includes a second data usage value . the second message is formatted according to the respective format . the method further includes parsing the second message according to the data usage template so as to obtain a second data usage value .
embodiments described herein relate to an apparatus , system , and method for controlling access to multiple antennas in a mobile device . the mobile device may determine priority among a first protocol stack associated with a first subscriber identity module ( sim ) in the mobile device and a second protocol stack associated with a second sim in the mobile device . the mobile device may lock control of a position of a switch to the first protocol stack based on determining the priority among the first protocol stack and the second protocol stack . the switch may control access to the multiple antennas . accordingly , the second protocol stack may be unable to modify the position of the switch when control of the switch is locked to the first protocol stack .
a method for permitting multiple calls in a toll telecommunications network from a pay telephone comprising the steps of 1 ) receiving a first call in said toll telecommunications network from said pay telephone , 2 ) determining the identity of a single carrier of said telecommunications network associated with the first toll-free call , 3 ) completing the first call to a called party , 4 ) during processing of the first call and prior to a caller actuating the switchhook of the pay telephone , providing dial tone for a second call by the single carrier associated with the first call , 5 ) receiving a second telephone number in said telecommunications network from said caller at said pay telephone , 6 ) determining the identity of the single carrier associated with the second call , and 7 ) responsive to the identity of the single carrier being the same single toll carrier for the first and second calls , completing the second call without additional fee to a called party of the second call by the single carrier . associated network apparatus for performing this method comprises an application server and a database , the server most conveniently incorporating either speech recognition or tone signal receivers and a voice querying or response system .
the present invention relates to methods , network devices , and machine-readable media for an integrated environment for automated processing of reports of suspicious messages , and furthermore , to a network for distributing information about detected phishing attacks .
the present invention provides a mega-boule for use in fabricating microchannel plates ( mcps ) . the mega-boule includes a cross-sectional surface having at least first , second and third areas , each area occupying a distinct portion of the cross-sectional surface . the first and second areas include a plurality of optical fibers , transversely oriented to the cross-sectional surface , each optical fiber having a cladding formed of non-etchable material and a core formed of etchable material . the third area is disposed interstitially between and surrounding the first and second areas , and includes non-etchable material .
the electric lamp has a light source ( 3 ) having a first ( 31 ) and a second light-generating portion ( 32 ) in a concave reflector ( 2 ) . the reflector has an axis of symmetry ( 20 ) and a first ( 21 ) and a second reflector portion ( 22 ) , each having an optical axis ( 23 and 24 , respectively ) which is parallel to the axis of symmetry ( 20 ) . each reflector portion ( 21 , 22 ) surrounds its optical axis ( 23 , 24 ) for the greater part . the light source portions ( 31 , 32 ) each coincide with a respective one of the optical axes ( 23 , 24 ) . the lamp produces a light beam which has only one maximum .
provided is an illuminating device including a cylindrical lens in which a light incidence surface and a light emission surface , which are opposite to each other , extend in a longitudinal direction , and a light source that is disposed in such a manner that a positional relationship between a paraxial virtual image of the light source due to the light incidence surface of the cylindrical lens and a center of curvature of the light emission surface is in a predetermined range .
in the modulation and demodulation of a plurality of frequency separated channels on a radio frequency carrier by digitally coded speech or data , the speech or data is modulated on a digitally generated sub-carrier by quadrature phase shift keying and after conversion to analogue form the modulated sub-carrier is mixed with an rf carrier of fixed frequency to produce the signal for transmission . reception and demodulation of the transmitted signal are effected by the reverse processes . frequency multiplication is effected after the digital to analogue conversion by producing analogue samples of very short duration and applying them to a suitable filter . frequency division during the analogue to digital conversion is effected by sub-sampling .
an electric generator includes a housing with a stator positioned thereabout . a rotor ( i.e. , magnetic member ) is positioned within the housing and is adapted to move within the housing in response to a pulsed air input , such as from a pulsed-air exhaust device . the pulsed air input creates a pressure chamber between the pulsed air input and the magnetic member , which forces the magnetic member to axially advance in a first direction through the housing to magnetically interact with the stator to generate electric current therein . a biasing member may be positioned within the housing and in operative communication with the magnetic member . the magnetic member may compress the biasing member in the first direction , but the biasing member may exert a spring-back force against the magnetic member to force the magnetic member in a second direction through the stator to magnetically interact therewith to generate additional electric current therein .
a process of making a multiple layered structure comprises etching at least partially a portion of dielectric material above a fuse upon etching at least one hole to establish electrical interconnection between the adjacent two wiring layers separated by the dielectric material . after forming a protective film , a portion of the protective film above the fuse is etched upon etching at least one aperture to expose a pad of one of the wiring layers underneath the protective film . the remaining material above the fuse is removed by etching using the same mask as etching the at least one aperture through the protective film . electrical testing is conducted using an electrical probe at the pad . in response to result of the electrical testing , laser energy is focused to a target fuse .
a solid-state imaging device in which the potential of a signal line , which is obtained before a pixel has an operating period , is fixed to an intermediate potential between a first power-supply potential and a second power-supply potential .
an electromechanical translation apparatus adapted to produce incremental movement relative to a separate member and having a housing , a pair of clamping and translating members each of which has a driven end and an engaging end wherein each of the engaging ends is adapted to removably clamp and translate a separate member relative to the housing in response to a driving force which is selectively applied through the clamping and translating members to the engaging ends which selectively clamp the separate member at selected locations with a clamping force which varies with the magnitude of the driving force , a pair of piezoelectric driving elements operatively coupled one each to each of the clamping and translating members wherein each of the piezoelectric driving elements is capable of being selectively expanded and contracted in response to a voltage of a selected magnitude and selected frequency to produce between the housing and the clamping and translating members a variable driving force which varies between a first magnitude and a second magnitude and which enables the engaging ends of the clamping and translating members to apply a variable clamping force to the separate member which selectively clamps the members to the separate member for incremental movement therewith and enables sliding motion at conditions other than the selective clamping condition wherein the clamping force is a function of the magnitude of the driving force is shown . a method for producing relative translational movement between an electromechanical apparatus and a separate member is also shown .
the present invention relates to systems and methods for programming a memory cell . more specifically , the present invention relates to a controlled application of current to a memory cell over a controlled time period . the invention utilizes a current mirror configuration having a first transistor and a second transistor , wherein the second transistor is coupled to the memory cell . programming of the memory cell includes applying a voltage to the first transistor , whereby a first current is generated in the first transistor . a gate of the second transistor is coupled to the first transistor , whereby a second current is generated in the second transistor . the second current is proportional to the first current . the second current is provided to the memory cell , whereby the second current programs the memory cell .
a service and apparatus for enabling supplementary service functions , such as call parking , to be implemented in a communication network having one or more servers . the call parking service is adapted to enable the called party to park the call anywhere within the network , including outside the local server in a multi-server network . the call parking service includes an invite request unit for invoking the call parking service . a call park request unit is provided to respond to the invite request unit by establishing a connection to a call park destination for enabling the caller to be parked at the call park destination . a retrieval request unit is provided for connecting a call pickup party with the parked caller for completing the connection . an exception handler may also be provided to ensure that network problems in the call parking procedure do not result in a lost call .
according to an embodiment of the present invention , a method for operating an image display device that receives a signal from a pointing device includes receiving , from the pointing device , a pointing signal to display a pointer on a display of the image display device , and a selection signal , wherein the selection signal includes information regarding a command to perform an operation on the image display device , displaying , on the display , the pointer corresponding to the pointing signal , determining whether the pointer is displayed on a most frequently displayed region during an input standby time associated with the selection signal , and performing an operation associated the most frequently displayed region when the pointer is displayed on the most frequently displayed region during the input standby time .
a disposable semiconductor material is deposited to form disposable semiconductor material portions on semiconductor fins . a first dielectric liner is deposited and patterned to form openings above a first set of disposable semiconductor material portions on a first semiconductor fin . the first set of disposable semiconductor material portions is replaced with a first set of active semiconductor regions by a combination of an etch and a selective epitaxy process that deposits a first semiconductor material . a second dielectric liner is deposited and patterned to form openings above the second set of disposable semiconductor material portions . the second set of disposable semiconductor material portions is replaced with a second set of active semiconductor regions employing another epitaxy process that deposits a second semiconductor material . the active semiconductor regions can have the same faceting profile irrespective of the semiconductor materials therein .
the invention provides a method and system wherein first video images are directly overlaid with remote video images to produce a combined video image which is then displayed to the user and/or stored as appropriate . preferably at least one of the first and/or remote images is subject to an image processing operation prior to the overlay operation being performed , the image processing operation being such that the scenes contained within the images to be overlaid when processed are separably distinguishable to a user within the combined video image when viewed by the user . the overlay operation is performed such that the scenes contained within the respective video images are substantially in alignment on top of each other . by overlaying the respective first and remote video images as described a single image is obtained within which the respective scenes of the respective first and remote images are still separably distinguishable , but which is still of an appropriate size for display on a screen of limited size without occlusion of one or other of the images .
a receiver for receiving an amplitude modulated ( am ) signal may include a first and a second detector for detecting the maximum and minimum envelope values , respectively , of the received am signal and an equalizer for periodically equalizing the maximum and minimum envelope values . a method for receiving an am signal may include unidirectionally increasing a first output signal up to the maximum envelope value , unidirectionally decreasing a second output signal down to the minimum envelope value , and periodically equalizing the first and the second output signals .
a method for depositing monocrystalline silicon at a uniform rate onto a plurality of unequally sized monocrystalline nucleation sites comprises initially providing a substrate having an apertured oxide mask on a major surface thereof . the oxide mask includes a plurality of apertures each of which exposes a nucleation site on the substrate surface . the substrate is then exposed to a mixture of dichlorosilane and hydrogen chloride at 850.degree . c. and a pressure less than approximately 50 torr , for a predetermined time . this yields a monocrystalline silicon island extending from each nucleation site . each of the islands has a substantially flat profile across the major surface thereof and all islands are equal in thickness .
a method of controlling an image processing condition comprises : a first step of inputting a first test image on a recording sheet , and performing first calibration that determines an image processing condition based on a density of the first test image ; a second step of automatically forming a second test image , measuring a density thereof , and performing second calibration that determines the image processing condition based on the measured density , a third step of receiving the image processing condition , calibrating the received condition and an engine characteristic at first calibration time , and storing a calibrated result , and a fourth step of correcting , at the second calibration and the image processing condition storage , the stored condition based on the calibrated and stored engine characteristic and the measured engine characteristic . thus , a printing characteristic can be stabilized as a user 's load is reduced by combining plural calibrations .
according to various embodiments , a user can receive voice calls using multiple phone numbers on a mobile device such as a smartphone . the voice calls can be carried via the wireless carrier associated with the mobile device , using the device 's normal allowance for voice calls , without the need to use large amounts of data . in at least one embodiment , incoming voice calls are accurately identified as having been made to either the registered number for the device or an alternate number . in addition , in at least one embodiment , when a voice call is received at a device , the phone number , name , and/or other contact information for the originator of the call is/are provided to the user of the device . in at least one embodiment , any or all of these pieces of information can be provided to the user of the device for every incoming voice call .
digital calibration of an a/d converter , which converts an analog signal into a digital signal , is performed by first sequentially inputting two analog signals of different values to the a/d converter , then calculating an offset calibration value and gain calibration coefficient on the basis of two digital converted signals generated from the a/d converter and then calibrating a digital signal output from the a/d converter on the basis of the thus-calculated offset calibration value and gain calibration coefficient . digital calibration of a d/a converter , which converts a digital signal into an analog signal , is performed by first sequentially inputting two digital signals of different values to the d/a converter , then calculating an offset calibration value and gain calibration coefficient on the basis of two analog converted signals generated from the d/a converter and then calibrating a digital signal input to the d/a converter on the basis of the thus-calculated offset calibration value and gain calibration coefficient .
electrical power generation systems typically comprise an electrical power distribution arrangement in which a number of electrical power generators are coupled in parallel . in such circumstances in order to avoid conflict generally a first electrical power generator is controlled with a voltage controller while second electrical power generators have electrical current controllers . as loads are switched into and out of the electrical distribution system in normal operation the first electrical power generator and its voltage controller can accommodate voltage dynamics and therefore maintain a desired voltage . however , in order to accommodate heavier loads switching , the dynamic operation of the electrical current controller is achieved through utilizing operational voltage margins from a desired voltage as control signals to the electrical current controller . a threshold is provided above which the electrical voltage margin must operate and regimes are provided to determine continued increase or fall in the operational voltage to allow continued dynamic control of the electrical current in order that voltage stability can be re-established with regard to electrical power distribution arrangements .
a retention-extraction device is provided for a removable card in a chassis . the device includes an actuation rod having a cam slot , the actuation rod configured to provide linear movement along the length of the actuation rod , and an extraction lever operatively connected to a proximal end of the actuation rod and pivotally secured to the chassis . the device also includes a bell crank with a cam follower that is configured to ride in the cam slot and a latch hook that pivots between an open and closed position based on the motion of the bell crank . the linear movement of the actuation rod causes the extraction lever to apply a force to a portion of the card and causes the latch hook to pivot to an open position to allow removal of the card .
a method and apparatus that provides a user a capability to create a title frame for recording when the user records a broadcasted program onto a recording device , using program data received from the broadcasted television transmission . the transmitted program data contains data on the genre or category and subcategory of the program . in one embodiment , the system recognizes the program data and selects the appropriate graphic treatment for the title frame based on the genre information of the program . the information extracted from the program data and placed in the title frame may include the program title , the program description , rating , time length , and program logo or image .
a woven electrical multi-conductor cable is disclosed having alternating longitudinal sections having generally flat and round configurations wherein the flat section affords binding of the conductors in fixed locations for convenient termination and uni-directional routing and wherein conductors are harnessed in the round section in random order for gimbal flexibility affording omni-directional routing of the cable in the round section .
an electrical connector includes a socket , a stiffener disposed around the periphery of the socket , and a load plate covering the socket . the load plate includes two opposite lateral sides , and a front side and a rear side connected to the two lateral sides , which define an opening for a chip module to pass through . the rear side includes a pivoting portion , such that the load plate is rotatable relative to the socket around the pivoting portion . each lateral side includes a first pressing portion and a second pressing portion in front of the first pressing portion . when the chip module is installed onto the socket and the load plate is closed , the first and second pressing portion press the chip module , and distances from bottom surfaces of the first and second pressing portions to a top surface of the load plate is unequal .
the invention relates to a receiving device , in particular a cabinet or rack , having a receiving space ( 12 ) for receiving built-in components ( 14 ) provided with rfid transponders ( 34 ) , and having a detection device for detecting built-in components ( 14 ) accommodated , which is or can be connected to an evaluation device , and has at least one rfid antenna ( 32 ) for communication with the rfid transponders ( 34 ) of the incorporated built-in components ( 14 ) . according to the invention , the receiving device ( 10 ) has a plurality of rfid transponders ( 36 ) arranged distributed along the receiving space ( 12 ) , the transponder action of said rfid transponders can be changed as a function of a presence or absence of a built-in component ( 14 ) in the vicinity of the respective device-specific rfid transponder ( 36 ) .
an end-to-end system/process for producing advantageous end products from a raw biomass feedstock is provided . the process includes steps for enhancing biomaterial feedstock , biochar generation and end-product fabrication . the method steps may be employed in selecting , treating and handling biomass materials and their additive inputs to tailor their end performance . each operative step in the process may be employed to enhance the overall effectiveness of biochar generation and use . charring furnace design and operational parameters are provided that generate desirable biochar material for various applications , including specifically fabrication of ultra-capacitor electrodes and electric battery components .
a microelectronic package is disclosed including a microelectronic device , a substrate , and a signaling path coupling the microelectronic device with the substrate . the signaling path includes a conductive material , a solder joint , and a barrier material disposed between the conductive material and the solder joint . the barrier material may include nickel , cobalt , iron , titanium , and combinations thereof .
in a multi-channel encoder generating several different parameter sets for reconstructing a multi-channel output signal using at least one transmission channel , the data stream is written such that the two parameter sets are decodable independently of each other . thus , a multi-channel decoder is enabled to skip a parameter set which is marked as optional and/or has a higher version number when reading the data stream and still to perform a valid multi-channel reconstruction using a data set marked as mandatory or a data set having a sufficiently low version number . this achieves a flexible encoder/decoder concept suitable for future updates characterized by backward compatibility and reliability .
a method of producing a non-aqueous electrolyte secondary battery having a negative electrode , a non-aqueous electrolyte , and a positive electrode having a positive electrode active material comprising sodium oxide , characterized in that : the sodium oxide contains lithium ; and the molar amount of the lithium is less than the molar amount of the sodium .
a converter uses a predetermined parameter a . a generating unit accepts generated inputs x1 , . . . , xn , and generates generated outputs , y1 , . . . , yn , using recurrence formulas , y1=f1 ( x1 , a ) and yi+1=fi+1 ( xi+1 , yi ) ( 1â‰¦iâ‰¦nâˆ’1 ) . a key accepting unit accepts key inputs , k1 , . . . , kn , and gives them as generated inputs to said generating unit . a repetition controller gives the generated outputs as generated inputs to said generating unit , for an â€œmâ€ ( mâ‰§0 ) number of times , and sets one of the generated outputs to be given at the end as a random number string , r1 , . . . , rn . the data accepting unit accepts data inputs , d1 , . . . , dn . the converting unit converts data using , ei=diâ‹†ri , and , outputs data outputs , e1 , . . . , en . the converter can be used both for encrypting and decrypting data .
in a television receiver comprising a synchronous demodulator having a push-pull output behind which an emitter-coupled transistor pair is connected for suppressing whiter-than-white noise signals , a signal can be obtained from the collector circuit of one of the transistors of the transistor pair by means of smoothing which smoothed signal is suitable for many purposes such as , for example , switching-off an automatic frequency control or a tuning indication or a tuning correction .
disclosed herein is a filter chip element including a ferrite substrate , internal coil patterns formed on the ferrite substrate ; and a ferrite composite layer filled between the internal coil patterns formed on the ferrite substrate , wherein the ferrite composite layer includes foaming resin , thereby increasing magnetic permeability and a q value which are important characteristics of a filter chip element for noise prevention among electromagnetic shielding components .
an apparatus for discriminating between signals produced by a desired acoustic source and an undesired acoustic source includes : a first microphone disposed at a first distance from the desired acoustic source ; at least a second microphone disposed at a second distance from the desired acoustic source ; a proximity estimation block configured to utilize signals form the first microphone and second microphone to produce a signal representing an estimate of the proximity of the desired acoustic source ; and a variable gain block configured to adjust the gain of an output signal from at least one of the microphones by utilizing the estimate of the proximity of the desired acoustic source . a method of discriminating between signals produced by a desired acoustic source and an undesired acoustic source includes : utilizing signals from a first microphone and second microphone to produce an output signal representing an estimate of the proximity of the desired acoustic source ; and adjusting the gain of the signal from at least one of the first and second microphones by utilizing the estimate of the proximity of the desired acoustic source .
a cell monitoring and control circuit for a multicell battery comprises a cell access switch coupled to the cells of the battery for electronically accessing individual cells of the battery and a monitoring and control circuit coupled to the cell access switch for electronic communication with the cells . the circuit is coupled to the battery for providing electric power and constitutes an insignificant current drain on the battery . the circuit senses the voltage state of each cell and controls the charging of each cell and provides end-of-discharge and end-of-charge signals .
a piezoelectric vibrator element includes a pair of vibrating arms extending from a base , and having a groove on each of opposing principal surfaces in the longitudinal direction of the vibrating arms . two systems of excitation electrodes are included on the side surfaces and the opposing principal surfaces , and in the grooves of the vibrating arms . a width of a bank part formed by a side surface of the vibrating arms and a side surface of the groves is w0 , and the separation distance between the excitation electrodes on the opposing principal surfaces is w1 , such that 1 î¼m < w1 < 3 î¼m and w0 > w1 .
a first electrical storage stack is connected in series with a second electrical storage stack . a current interrupter is configured to interrupt a current path by being removed from the current path . first and second detection line are respectively connected to first and second terminals of the first electrical storage stack . the second electrical storage stack is connected to the second terminal of the first electrical storage stack via the current interrupter . a third detection line is connected to a portion of the current path , located on the second electrical storage stack side of the current interrupter . a controller is configured to control charging and discharging operations of each of the first and second electrical storage stacks on the basis of the voltage of the first electrical storage stack , the voltage being detected via the first detection line and the third detection line .
a receiver receives signals which are at least partially known and which have followed a plurality of different paths to said receiver . the receiver has an arrangement for dividing the area of coverage of said receiver into a plurality of sections . a plurality of receiving units are provided to process a different one of said signals to identify the at least partially known part of said signal . a controller is coupled to the output of said dividing arrangement for selecting the signals which are to be allocated to the respective receiving units and an interference removing arrangement is coupled to the output of the receiver units to remove interference .
a method and network are described for correcting vertical non-linearity and mis-convergence in a color television projection system . the correction method includes adjusting the height of the projected image so that proper convergence is attained at either the top or at the bottom of the image , and so that the opposite end of the image is stretched . the stretched end of the image is compressed to proper size and proper convergence by shunting current away from each of three vertical deflection yokes included in the projection system .
various methods for providing data entry content to a remote environment are provided . one example method includes receiving , at a device , a data entry field selection message notifying that a selection of a data entry field has occurred at a remote device , modifying a focus of a user interface of the device to the data entry field , retrieving current data content of the data entry field , and causing an indication to be provided to the remote device informing the remote device of the current data content of the data entry field to enable the remote device to display the current data content of the data entry field in a data entry input interface . similar and related example methods and example apparatuses are also provided .
an image recording apparatus selects one of a plurality of recording sheets and conveys it to an image recording unit and image recording is effected on the selected recording sheet , having first recording sheet detecting means for detecting the presence of the recording sheets at a first predetermined position on the conveyance path of the recording sheets upstream of the recording unit , second recording sheet detecting means for detecting the presence of the recording sheets at a second predetermined position on the conveyance path of the recording sheets downstream of the recording unit , and control means for conveying only one recording sheet to the recording unit and conveying the leading end edge of the other recording sheet to a recording standby position upstream of the recording unit in conformity with the result of detection by the first and second detecting means . an image recording method selects one of a plurality of recording sheets and conveys it to an image recording unit and image recording is effected on the selected recording sheet and wherein the presence of the recording sheets is detected at a first position upstream of the recording unit and the presence of the recording sheets is detected at a second position downstream of the recording unit , and only one recording sheet is conveyed to the recording unit and the other recording sheet is conveyed to a recording standby position upstream of the recording unit in conformity with the result of the two detections .
